Uh I know how you like to play media mogul Ray but I don't think we can run with this Todd Show thing
[[passes brandy back to Ray]] Two old knuckleheads swillin' Christian Brothers all last dudes standin' at the Great Outdoor Fight
Well I mean I would bet basically one dude or maybe none in a million  knows the Fight like I do
Dang I got like no idea of how to do that
Oh uh of course dude just give me the 411 and I'm there
Alright Philippe the next move is to name your running mate
First confrontation on the Acres he stuck his fist right through Fast Eddie Brandt's ribcage and pulled out his heart.
Well it's just like uh I mean this menu has a bigger carbon footprint than the '88 Olympics
oh my god
Man what is going on here Oregon trail didn't used to get it on with you
So these days you get up at six a.m. to scramble eggs for people who think it's a real high time to sleep in a room full of your wife's cheap antiques ?
A palace of woes where the living buy bread from the already dead
Nice to see you again H
Oh sorry uh man I guess that says bad stuff about me
I think I basically got to be broke for Molly's sake man I can't have stewardesses constantly diving for my hog the rest of my life
How DO you kill a chicken humanely
I figure tags and insurance alone each year cost you somewhere in the neighborhood of five biscuits
Hee hee
No no dang it man it couldn't have been a dream
Okay uh I like shoes that have a design on the side for which I am assessed a premium
Oh dang are they playing tonight I didn't even know
Maybe the lesser animals are finally gettin' their religious mythologies in order
Always cleanin' up after other folks  Even on my one big day off
No way
But I'm the only other person in this company Ray
You take the name of your first pet
So you're married huh?
All eatin' eggs outta the pan
My friend Ray sold his soul to the Devil for a magical piano
This spreadsheet would tell a person when they needed to buy eggs or milk
Sounds like an escapement lost a banking pin and got stuck in an infinite loop  Either that or a pallet fork disengaged  Better go take a look
Typin' so fast my fingers blur Browser completely freezin' up
I wonder how much sodium a 7-layer burrito has versus a plain bean burrito. Maybe I should just get the Mexican Rice. No no that probably has tons of sodium.
Bruno paused. He turned a little and looked at his nuts in the mirror.
Dude Teodor let's take pictures let's take pictures of everyone and see what they think of themselves man that would be the Dickens of a chuckle!
OOOOOOOHHHHHHH SSSSHHHIIIIITTTTT!
Oh this uh oh it's nothin' I mean sure if you like you can wear it
Hey there Jackie D
Dang that is like my favorite beer ever
Nooooo
It's rumored that the army leaders often fight only on days one and three and traditionally feast on turkeys and brandy on day two
Oh dogg a site where people can complain about their problems...  Folks always completely want to constantly say their problems
I still posit that it is a fake concept
I ain't Frederick H. Coca-Cola but I do know something about building a brand
Man I am just a real shit of a dude
Alright cool I'll drink cranberry juice but maybe this weekend can you let a burger and some poppers slide
We can't really move foward without it
I guess I had trouble sleeping
Well, maybe I do. Let's see.
The next morning I went to look over all the code I thought I had written while high
One time he and this girl Melissa were gonna Do It
Talk about a computer which basically has AIDS
Listen anyways I had like all kinds of Cuervo tonight
Remember when Todd got put in the newspaper for yellin' at his girlfriend so loud that he had to go to the hospital
Hola mis Sciencios !
No no dang man it couldn't have been a dream
If I did I'd be bluffing
That's just vestigial humour from the '50s I guess
Man what is that nonsense now
That lady is tough man she has some brass cans
Alright first you basically got to declare your income and how you come by that income
Alright you want a hot dog or a Polish or anything
oh crap oh goodness
No dude uh with fourth-degree burns your're considered unlucky if you live. These guys make Freddy Krueger look like Carmen Electra.
Oh man if he gets scared and tries to go to bed in the crosswalk it is on us man IT IS ON US!
"Pipe frosting, or even a fresh fruit coulis, through the tip of a punctured condom"
Well why in hell don't you dress your damn self up instead of me
No man wait he can't see us this way HE CAN'T SEE US THIS WAY
The latest articles are all about how electronic devices give off cancer-causing electromagnetic rays
If this was any more right you would be Liv Tyler
I was startin to wonder what in hell was wrong with you
That's the only son of Rodney Leonard Stubbs
Oh wow my first kiss
We don't need to urinate
Oh man I had this great apartment in heaven and there was this perfect lady
I could think about computer programming forever up here.
JESUS CHRIST CAN YOU BELIEVE IT COSTS TEN THOUSAND CLAMS TO GET MARRIED ?!
Dude's game stinks so bad families in cars roll up the windows
We ain't never gonna legalize pot man we way too puritanical as a society
Oh that's just Barry Bass
so?!
Well then I guess it's pickles on parade if I tell you that I am a Jew as my father did lay with a Jewess those many years ago
My first instinct as the mushroom cloud rose higher and the wind grew hot and fast around me...
(suddenly angry again) I'm turning around man they can't see us this way no one can see us this way!
[[Hand out in the "on-the-other-hand" pose again, wearing an olive branch and a toga]]Am I avoiding the subject, or am I doing [[italic]] philosophy ?
man that actually sounds awesome!
I have done cocaine
I will make sure to ask for double cheese and I promise to keep it on as weight
Well you see Rose
Man weren't you holding that thing a lot lower and with both hands
Jesus Christ Ray you go to some nasty websites what the hell man
Shucks ok then Oh uh wait hold on How will I know if I'm high
Yeah exactly
Doggie the nation pisses hell of ducats up the wall on drinks and frosty beers
Wonder if I can call all my dude at home on that old-school pay phone
Word up man let's go listen to some Boy George
You god damn hag!
SHINE THAT LAMP ON THIS SAD, SAD MAN
No...no they didn't
Okay fine how does a stomach like to party
It could never make a lady weep
(emphasis) so?!
Man I can't lose Ray come on Pat just an hour ago we were walkin' and now we seen his dog and it's over just like that it makes no sense IT MAKES NO SENSE!  IT MAKES NO SENSE!
Hang on what is with all that clanking Oh my god you're at the police station?
(thinks) How do robots get it on anyway
A real ankle drunk
Nipple rings say to a lady "yeah listen lady you can't tell whether on our second date I am gonna make you a thoughtful vegetarian curry meal...
Dang so this is like looking over his shoulder in real-time
Huh seems to be exponential  Alright here's three
Naw man looks pretty usual to me
I think me and Molly gonna get our own place
I'm sorry Ray
Esquire Magazine's 100 Favorite Sex Positions
Uh yeah uh yes this is Jaime the Science Friend responding to the Knights' written request that I perform at--
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN
Traffic on the 101 was so FUCKED man it took damn eight hours just to six inches dammit
Oh I ain't much to look at Ray Not much at all.
I've got Samuel H. Invis-i-ble instead of a mom and dad He's nev-er taken me to the zoo and I've Nev-er seen a doctor ...He's Samuel!
If a man is chained in a cave and he sees the shadow of a baby play across the wall, does he instinctively know that he will be yelled at for doing such selfish things as going to get a haircut, even though he looks like Ted Kaczynski on a 3-day Jäger bender ?  {{in case search can't cope, I'll just type that without the umlaut, too:  "3 day Jager bender" "3 day Jaeger bender"}}
Dang somethin' about that don't quite seem like you Ray
Carl wanted a family
Man you know my opinion on marriage is that it is a concept invented by friends who want free appetizers
Alright just sit and cool it they are sure to be back and press on me
DISGUISES Oh hell YES
Seriously when men see your car-parking technique they go "I bet I have no chance with a bitch as nasty as that"  But when you get out of the car the men go huh I guess it was no bitch at all just a bitchy-bitch bitch man
Hm
No it's pretty decent
Do you like music
OK it's getting closer to the summer campaigning season so maybe let's work on that a little today
He is bein' real here Ray
TASTE THE VALUE, CRAVE THE FLAVOR!  FREE SANDWICH AT CARRBORO'S!  GET YOUR COUPONS HERE!  THE LAST HONEST MEAL!
That part of the leg heals quickly
So he put an ashtray on her back and went about his business
Oh man how awesome if the quail bible just had one page and all it said was DON'T EAT MEEEEE !
I figure about $147 with the conveniently suggested tip
Man check this out these are so nice   Molly made me some aluminum foil undies to keep all the cancer-causin' cell phone electromagnetic signals outta my privates
Based on how much eggs or milk they started with
Can you please tell them to cut that shit out
I look like someone just slammed my He-Man fan fiction where He-Man comes over and asks me how to win at Magic The Gathering
No, god dammit! I DON'T want the one Kirstie Alley narrated!
SHOWBIZ
Your alarm clock has been going off for an hour
aw sweet Man I am so hungry
...really?
ALRIGHT BUT FIRST I'M GONNA NAIL YOU
Mix a little Judge Harlan's Unknown Tonic with an equal part of flour water
okay
_"The next day: A tender letter arrives from Hiram the blacksmith.  Do you want to read it?"_
She was so down
We have discovered the means to the end of life as we know it
Yes man yes just do it
Wow they even know I don't like my first name
Oh man Ray this egg sandwich is grelicious Without Molly around I didn't realize to eat for seven days.
I got a weakness for Slogan T's I guess
Sometimes he spells it with the L and no U but yeah generally
Watch
Man this is like what they let out behind a dragster
Dogg it is brain tape since young times
Okay I'm pretendin I'm stickin my tongue out
A dog raises its hackles if Ray's game comes toward it
Uh look Barry I don't have an aquarium or anything like that at my place
No we didn't I have a condition
Dang man if that ain't a sign I got to up and buy a real wedding ring
Oh well uh remember how we were talkin' about how much spare change you can probably find in your house at any one given moment
Hi Uncle George this is my friend Ray
Dammit Ray this is Beef
Oh it's like this vegan ice cream sandwich
Sure little guy
When contained...
So is that tube like that Preparation H or some such similar ointment or salve
Ray what is Waterbury talking about dogg did you junk jingle the Queen
Oh man you totally park like a bitch since forever  You park like a bitchy-bitch bitch-bitch  You park like you are the main bitch in all the land
Man everyone in this Burger King is staring at me they know I'm makin' a TERRIBLE eating decision
How did you make a livin' before you set out on this
(In a rage) I TOLD YOU ASSHOLES I WAS MAKING MOUSSAKA TONIGHT AND WHY YOU AREN'T IN THE KITCHEN IS BEYOND EVEN THE PART OF MY IMAGINATION THAT HAS BEEN SITTING AROUND DRINKING OUZO FOR TWO HOURS!
(thinking) No, god dammit!
Ray would pretend he was Mel Gibson and jump out of it and hit me with a bat
I...damn, Beef!  I can't beleive you're missing a Tenman show!  Let's get us some whiskeys and unwind!
Huh
Oh yes I will
Oh dang man this sucks but some characters from web comics just showed up
No man we gonna use this massive magnet against him
Now that you've kicked the ass of the only other army leader it looks like you're dining alone tommorrow.
Hm you know now that I think about it his voice is really tender and good
Two armies typically arise and their pawns are sent to the front
Oh dang man is that Molly
If someone starts to take a photo all the fat in our bodies aims toward the camera.  Must be some ultra-primitive response intended to fake that we are wealthy or something.
First of all your royalty got to be a percentage not a flat fee
And you add them together
Can you think of anyone who has a more gigantic and deep-seated fury at the world
Only difference between astronauts and old folks bein' that you never see one astronaut spoon feedin' dollar chili to a worse-lookin' astronaut at Wendy's
Okay I'm pretendin that my tongue is all goin crazy
It's 'cause I ain't got that big gut like you got ain't it
Next you gonna mention lifting up a nacho and seein' a big old terrified eye starin' at you
"The dream" ?
There's this neat articles about information-poor interfaces. Oh and theres a humor essay by a writer from that McSweeney's whatever it is. It's kind of self aware and overwrought but it's better than most of the ads.
You got your riddle all figured out then ?
Maybe if I scream at it enough it'll have a heart attack
Oh hee man I just can't do no wrong with the ladies today ! Maybe I can run some card ideas past her during dinner since she is recently divorced and has an angle on that way of things
Well we doin' pretty bad actually
That I would imagine the first interaction of an average man's day would go that way
He'll know what I mean
Just punch hell of suckers in the mouth and tell chicks straight up that you like them
Maybe hot dogs and beer is our way outta this economic mess
Oh hee hee yeah  I found all these funny onesies that would be humorous on a baby
Eardrums all explodin' like popcorn
But then you also got like a more sophisticated thing goin' on
It's like I'm being stung by Marlboro Lights
Yeah but that ain't mean I want to eat a marzipan DeLorean with a LoJack and then have the police show up at my house later with deconstructed flan "in caramel lattice prison" after a "citywide" "manhunt". Or whatever that eighty dollar supplement on course four was
And you did not send me a peripheral it was basically just some pamphlets about tooth decay
Don't want her seeing that
What's gonna touch
The whole Nate Small series Original 1930's hardback edition
Yeah but even on the double-plus side is this cantilever phone unit holder   Makes it feel like there is a really nice familiar weight hangin' off the front of your body
Okay cool yeah
Uh hold on would you please Todd
Yeah but Vlad why did you make me pay for priority mail
Basically yes
We already -- what about stickin' our middle fingers up That was insane
We tried to ditch out but the doors and windows had all locked themselves.
Are you getting an idea for your next children's book from this Cornelius
How's that?
Attention Workers it has been 127 days since our last dumbest workplace sentence
I was gonna ask you the same thing dude
I hope I find that out someday
Man look at what a gentleman he is all pulling the seat out for her and complimenting her hat
Our every move is the new tradition
Your activities are so poorly conveyed
wow
His notes are so good and thick
Where's your Rolls Royce Pat
Oh uh he took off while we were asleep last night
Hay all on the floor
I just hung up 'cause I didn't know what to say
Oh crouching Jesus in the shadows a man was never this much of another man's dogg
Wow yeah I guess these were pretty different from my usual dreams of like having to lick the middle of Frida Kahlo's eyebrow
Ray! RAY! Where you at man
But I fear the world is not ready to accept the necessary apparel
I got MY way of doing things and MY way of lookin' so PISS OFF
Remember that all your family and your momma gonna burn if we don't agree on stuff
Oh you don't want to go makin' stuff up
Okay first uh what did you find out about him on Google and Wikipedia
oh my gosh You kiddin' me    no way
This spreadsheet would tell a person when they needed to buy eggs or milk
I didn't know how cold you would like it uh so I didn't chill it or anything
Oh man what do you want
I could set up a nice small stereo and enjoy some nice Johannesburg Riesling
Being Ray's best friend is like watching a never-ending film loop of a kid riding his bike into a telephone pole
Guess this is our last show huh
Wait are you saying that our entire series was a huge prime time dry hump
I only watched like six minutes of it so I guess I should get like at least a partial refund
Hm little plaque on its base all THIS HOUSEWARMING GIFT IS FROM THE PEOPLE OF PLANET EARTH. IT IS A "DEAD DOG."
How was poker last night?
Well uh well shucks Ray
Dang man it looks like they got Jeff Goldblum writin' the ads AND the OS
Let me have my fun
Look dude they are very traditional in his family
Oh hee man stop it you always pullin' this shenanigan
I'm sorry little dude
they give a choice you can have the turkey feast
Well there you go a husky Latino with bad news and bedroom eyes was the best part of our vacation and we weren't even a hungover Avon lady in Vegas
Dogg what is this I'm hearing around the water cooler about you entering the Great Outdoor Fight
Alright cool I mean tit for tat right anything else I can send on down
[[italic]] Yes indeed
Sorry dogg your pizza parlor is my exposition of the main living miseries
Hee hee man oh unbelievable! This one comes in up to a D-cup. Man that is so big!
Oh hey Philippe man it is almost your birthday little guy is there anything you want ?
Leave me there
Ok good um what is your least-sodium food item
It's good to see you filin' early that is dope
Man think of all the other things you might be good at
I have needs
Oh uh yeah awesome I would like that thanks
Dude will plead and cry for the medics to take him away
Oh man that is mega nasty
It costs seventy-eight damn bucks just to get the official marriage license!
This is just cola
Heh yeah
Dang man what is with all the stacks of wax Teodor
Yeah Ray I am uh basically indisposed right now
I don't wanna talk about it
About five seconds each and then I'd set them with egg whites and a hidden toothpick stabilizer where the lock met the main hair mass.
I ain't need no Dell Inspirion to bust a man down on into his component pieces
Dogg is heavy metal over I mean did people stop doing that?
Has his eyes closed and takes about six minutes.
I could mix up some rude drinks if anyone was around
Do...you have good wines ?
I wonder how much sodium a 7-layer burrito has versus a plain bean burrito
...Showbiz?
STEP ON IT STEP ON IT STEP ON IT
We lookin' to do a bang-up feast Uncle George we ain't eaten well in some days
Well uh it's pretty fun
Oh dude right he could totally come in and bag on their performance
Oh yeah like you gonna kill him off Ray
I'm just finishing up the GUI
I got such as rheumatism and must sit near a fire
[[thinking]] Man things ain't never the same once you seen a dude's stew
Hey Lyle, what's up?
Ninety bucks
[[sips on brandy]] >
Why you wearin' a filthy suit made of newspapers Ray
Fine then here comes an amendment against frosty ones
Think so
Oh dogg on a hogg we got much crispy Stellas out by the pool Ray
Oh uh sorry babe can't let up got to make this money while i still got famousness
(to audience) You know what fuck this I got it on good authority that death just grabbed its car keys off the table by the door and damned if I'll eat my last line from a can
Well would you look at that
Is it possible to get killed if you puke into an electrical outlet
Yes coulombs are "germane" did they teach you that word at Talk Like a Dick school
Who in hell says you can't park here ?!
Think you got any left in you
Dang was he really that freaked out by Tina jamming his uncle?!
The meat so cheap and the beer so well-priced
What are you gonna do with the rocket ship now that you got it done Pat
Don't you lecture me _cracker_
Not much Barry. How about you?
What you watchin' T
Hee hee man how you always do that just all DRIP!
When a dude of gravity tries to distinguish his neck from his face by arbitrarily shaping facial hair that is the bloatee
Molly ?!
Men are of two kinds
Ugh I hate myself so much right now
Man I just pictured a corn field full of baristas raisin' their hands as the camera plane swoops over
Oh come on now what do you think I am
They only brought them out once in 1962 when the Schweitz triplets tried to claim a three-man victory
Yeah well I knew what I was gettin' into when I came down here
Well yes then if you really must know it was actually goin' pretty well thank you
Oh dogg do not tell me you wear the bloatee
Yeah um what is it this is Roast Beef
They haven't done that for the last half hour though so if these guys are kidding they are like Andy Kaufman good
Heh no I was not able to kill a man in Reno just to watch him die
[[typing]] I'm Sorry I Forgot All Kinds of Stuff About You; I Was Having a Panic Attack
Man that would be so cute I would totally listen to his tiny ideas
Oh yes people
All wreckin' and smashin' my junk on the crossbar
Oh uh it's kind of funny actually
Talk hard!  Say opinions!  Adults will never understand us!  The principal hates idiots!  Gimme a call, Scottsdale!
Said they'd been savin' themselves for their wedding night
Oh my god he's sleep-chillin'!
Doth our lover's potpourri befoul m'lady's honker?
Fuckin A!
Ray man there's only one cash register in this place
Cochlea all ricocheting off a weather vane and making it spin around
I mean hearin' that Michael Jackson died is like hearin' that another Space Shuttle blew up
But he cold mixed up a whole album
Yeah uh Ray uh I was goin' around the property today and figurin' on ways to save you some expenses
Well that particular figure is very important here
My dang old bozack was swole up like a little angry plum most of the time
Nice
Hah! Was he wearing that retarded sweater?
Dang man and but don't I need a good time
Dang man so like you could blog directly on a Hanes?
Man I was digging through all my old kid stuff in the attic this morning man
Wow this lab needs someone to help run medical experiments
Uh...h-h-hello my lady My name is Roast Beef
Drunk in Heaven
Is caviar pretty good stuff Pat
Dogg in three days you only talked to him that one time so far. Maybe it was like subconscious mind signals or just such as regular mind noise
Aw damn Not Carl
What was that
...and males who have just made or have just purchased nachos
Phillippe man you lookin' tight How'd you get that troublesome weight off
Oh hey Molly I wrote you some code last night after I took
Hey I know you really like him and all
Oh uh it's nothin' special It probably doesn't even compile I should probably just delete it
Oh man Finland is definitely where stuff goes on its way away from this world.
I understand this information
Yeah uh it's my first time I mean like I always seen the signs but it ain't I mean it wasn't what I thought was okay to do.
God wait though man I cheated on Molly man I CHEATED ON MOLLY !
All on a Williams-Sonoma silicone curb mat with a trhough that collects the juices.
I would never allow a lady to travel along with an unproven chauffeur !
[[ Beef is visibly panicked ]] I mean you can't walk ten feet in any direction without becoming on the inside of a dessert restaurant right and that is completely good right because ladies like to eat cakes and treats and
First up while you're fresh we're gonna take down Perfect Ron Sipes
What in the HELL
Did you get your horses all shoed
Where did they take them
Peter and the WOLF, motherfuckin eBay! Yes, that's right!
Just an extremely rude personal question
I am about to land on the moon and must concentrate
If 5 is what is on your mind Then baby just come clean
No brain tumors *exactly*   And if you ain't got your phone you can just put lycopene-rich ketchup in there for dippin' fries
Lessee what kind of snacks we got here
Oh man just like spelling bee day
Oh jeez man you got to be kidding me
Alright and you can match your graphic design fonts to their graphic design fonts correct
Uh no Ray. No, I don't believe so.
Don't want her seein' that
I tried just turnin' on the TV by usin' the button on the front but nothing happened
Man I am sick of all this bull crap
OK Phillippe it's time to work on your campaign some more
Like in one an atom bomb went off not too far away and it lit up the sky and shook the earth more terrible than you can imagine
Don't tell me you underwrote his campaign Ray
There's this neat article about information-poor interfaces. Oh and theres a humor essay by a writer from that McSweeney's whatever it is. It's kind of self aware and overwrought but it's better than most of the ads.
Dang even got one 'a them little soda guns
Maybe you could give him some of your business advice Ray
How's about we go get us a coupla' subs down at Subway My Treat
Man how do I get on down back there to see her can you help me
Check his ad in this magazine
Still pretty into that yeah
Right exactly
Man I am just ten kinds of worked up after that hack and all that sittin' around
Alright so let's see I got Darren in the Evening at KDLS and then Mike in the Morning at KHST and in the twelve hours between I can pump our maybe six dozen real good new cards
Here just get into the bed
All unable to breathe for eleven minutes
Kinda seems redundant
These guitar notes are so good dude.
Oh uh maybe you ain't want to go in there I mean uh it ain't too cool in there right now
But anyway
But instead of code it was a business plan for a restaurant chain that would compete with Romano's Macaroni Grill by featuring a waterfall in the main dining area
I guess I got all of eternity now though
This just indicates a type-9 memory stack leak
Todd is that you ?
Todd ?!
Also you got to have bolts on both sides of the neck to serve as your positive and negative terminals
aw crud man
I paid my taxes
*Mezcal*
[[surprised]] [[thinking]] Oh my god
Alright so what did I miss while I was on the phone
Ray don't tell me you made PICKLES in this bed
Do what you gotta do
That sounds good to me Let's eat
You so lucky Ray   This is such a good car
or you can let all your men have the turkey feast and you get none
Alright T-dogg let's uh let's see that big magnum opus wedding menu you been geniusin' on for so many days
Just have fun with it
CUT IT OUT YOU TWO DON'T YOU KNOW THERE'S A WAR ON!
What now Ray what's the matter
Oh come on now what do you think I am - Prince
(thinking)  I completely want to use art to convey the image of a skeleton busking in a subway station in post-apocalyptic Paris
And how much money did you make last year
Yeah I tried to do a thing or two
I know you never played a lick of music before
Yeah to impress ladies with exactly
Might be unpleasant to watch him eat heavily sauced pastas for a while but he'll be back in the studio in a month.  Probably do a Christian thing.
Is this like one of those emotional conversations
All ashes in the egg
Man that ain't no riddle
Well if it isn't my old friend the Hangover Ham
Jesus Vlad uh I ain't even sat down yet
I'll get the ball rolling
I never cooked for a lady before
Well then us it looks like Einstein is placing his lunch order through you
Pat how do I land this thing
Oh uh I already win that based on how I feel
I ain't gonna fire up my U-Hauls just to carry my junk six feet! That is certainly Wasteful!
Oh uh dogg you got to get that checked out or you gonna go deaf for certain
Man that was like the second thing Tim Berners-Lee did.
They cut into 60 Minutes 'cause there is urgent news about a boy driving a Honda Civic into a lake at one inch per hour
...oh WHOOOOO'S the guy... ...GUEST-STARRING in his own life...
Don't be like X is 5 If 5 is what you mean
Aw no man
Like you are jogging now and such as eating scallops
What so you can hit me with a tennis racquet instead of just pushing
Check this thing out
Watch Braveheart and get a little puzzled on some brew
But FDR served the King of England hot dogs and beer and you can look that up
God I'm not even able to read a single line I'm so distracted
I don't really like...meals
All coming with a DVD of those internet video clips where like third-world people explode dynamite under elephants
Okay fine but only for like a second so you got to be ready
Oh uh baby um uh are you sure if--
He came over here as a stunt to impress the massive following he gets every year.
You look like Three Musketeers gave you cauliflower ass
Maybe you could tell us some more of those good jokes that you know
well uh how rude exactly are we talkin about here Ray
I...I'm a normal man
Well all you need for that is two hands and some arms
Must be a hundred pages here
I DON'T KNOW
All I know is that he's livin' in a humble little where soil comes halfway up the walls outside and he has plenty of time to think
AND THEN INSTEAD OF A FIRST DANCE I WILL BEAT YOU WITH A FOLDING CHAIR WHILE THE DJ PLAYS "FOOLS RUSH IN" !
I know it's like they're playing among the ruins of a once-great literary culture that is no longer relevant and struggles for justification!
The new hashbrowns module is almost done.
{{thought bubble}} Oh my god that's like forty dollars worth of merchandise
Hee! Hee!
[[typing]] Sorry I Said "Ta-Da!" When I Jumped Out Of The Shower After Whining About Having An Embolism All Day I Know I'm A Roller Coaster
I wonder what my last memory of life will be when I die
[[thinking]] It's--
Oh dang I ain't seen Mr. Wheels in basically forever. Anyhow on three we roll this in front of his door okay
No like I'm just gonna freak out
Can you believe I actually convinced my destitute-ass mom to shell out for the real sit-down portrait session like all the rest of you were gettin'
Okay dude let's have a see
Ain't no way two cats can drive a dang car in public
Ray man wake up
Oh now you just kiddin' me Please stop it
You sure
You gonna get audited if you do
I can't believe we really doin' this!
Her convertible Mustang running on fumes
Always wanted to see the fight from the inside though!
And then you take the street you first lived on
I also wrote a function that calculates how much hash browns to make
Interesting. You're waiting to see if, for no reason, something exciting will happen. You grew up wealthy, is that correct?
Oh hell yes dogg right we gonna make the metals kiss and the fuel turn lively
It was some company asking if everything was alright with the entertainment system.
They cut into 60 Minutes 'cause there is urgen news about a boy driving a Honda Civic into a lake at one inch per hour
Pour it down the drain man do the dude a favor
Probably due to humidity his lighter took three tries
Good thing I saw that 7-11
[[thinking]] Money in the bank
And since you don't sign it dudes can pass these cards around for generations which is nice
Are those the only two foreign places you can think of?
So it's like if your old lady is all such as Get Up dammit and do a chore ! --
Huh this is weird they both look like they might go build a building at any minute but then one of them starts doing the lady's role
Oh jesus come on dude don't get into that stuff
Stuff like that is so difficult to orchestrate since the 70s
[[Email]]
Hey I got an idea
So yeah uh I was at Raley's and they have changed the label design on cans of ---
Maybe it's somebody else dogg.
Well now that particular figure is very important here  We can't really move forward without it
I will Mrs. Smuckles I will get a sandwich right away I promise
Shoot a cop
You didn't fugue you were berserk
So what you need an ice pack or something
Okay let's see here
Oh yeah one time my friend ordered the combination fried rice and there was like just one small piece of beef and in excess of seven ding dongs!
[[watching tv]] Oh my god they doin' it up hell of SNL style from the DAY!
First I got to throw away all the Rockford Fosgate catalogs with every single page dog-eared
...and remember when he made headlines by messin' up his taxes so bad that he almost got lethal injection
Plus Todd has that two panel tattoo of KISS going to the grocery store and then comparing their you-know-whats to the yams
This page is kind of reflective I can use it to see if the person is coming up again to press me on the head
Dogg you know I got mad crazy guilt about wastin' food
I'm only lettin' you in on my grunchy side 'cause I think this dude is about to fiddle with Philippe I mean Potty Pals is Phil's new company dig
Delegate them to the front lines according to strength
Still though man slippery slope to a cradle and a mortgage and a grave
Oh man not my thing but okay
Either immediately or through slow-acting injuries
Oh my goodness you did!
It turns out Ron's wife has extreme problems with credit card debt
Oh uh this is Milklin and he is havin' just terrible luck gettin' converts
We're getting food delivered to your restaurant ?
hidden in a corn cob
You know the kind that was all like FWISSSSH
Oh god flush the toilet once in a while why don't you You my most disgusting friend you know that
Ugh oh man why you let him sell you that damn JalapiÃ±ata Triple-Spiced Finisher's Power Plate
OH GOD MAN THIS IS SO WAAAACKYYYYY
I guess I am kind of ashamed of this but he also let me watch some of his early sex havin' from in here
Come on dogg 7 under 6 it is my treat You can even wear your rollerskates!
What's that suitcase for Ray
[[talking on cell phone]]  Look Showbiz if you want some cash you can be a busboy or pick up litter at the wedding that's my only offer
[[typing]] I'm Sorry I Freaked Out On Red Bull And Made You Call The Doctor
If Ray's game touches some eggs the mother bird will kill the eggs
That flavor was insanely raunchy
Showbiz this is my wedding we're talking about not some apartment party where you sit around drinking Mexican brain detergent !
Hee hee !
Hell of such as meow
IF THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT TO TALK TO ME THEN FINE ! I GUESS IT'S GOOD THIS WEDDING IS FALLIN' APART ! MAYBE IT'S A SIGN !
Oh damn my gravy
Yeah we're at the doctor's office he's gettin' the whole workup you know full body MRI and even a chaplain
Yet the taxes I paid
Here we go
Yeah uh I'm a breast man of course  Never brought it up 'cause you always been such a dyed-in-the-wool take-no-prisoners ass man
Woah
Well this applet calculates how much change I'd have around based on annual income and a few spending pattern varables
What
Talkin' about a ring and a lady maybe dude
Go fetch it and get back here snappity
Coq au vin
I mean uh if you think it is rad to have the blood of 200,000 Japanese on your hands then rock on. Personally though all the crickets in the night would sound to me like the screams of melting schoolchildren
Listen
Seriously man I'm worried that instead of teaching science I am just gonna get my ass beat down
Dang man ain't this gonna be insulting to Latinos
Oh man
Oh you don't want to go makin' stuff up  You gonna get audited if you do
Any weed
Oh uh but I don't need-
Do you think that if I throw up into an electric outlet I will most likely die and go to Hell too
(thinking) Oh my GOD I don't want the Weird Al version!
No man they got fourth-degree burns all over their bodies.
Another nice touch would be molasses to mimic congealed blood around the stitches
It is considered extremely correct if a kid 14-23 has nonsense on his t-shirt.
Old School all the way
no way
Dang man I didn't know you were in the area Showbiz !
My code is a dog's code
She had this lingerie that was her grandma's
That is some sweet beans Ray Anyhow the reason that I called is that I just got the new Chris Isaak album and I haven't even opened it yet
-.. -.- ..-- ... --- .-.. - -.- -.- .. ...  {{Note: This morse code actually spells "DKITTSOLTKIS"}}
Hm that's definitely gonna raise a red flag Let's just say you're a private contracter
Uh yes helllo
[[thought balloon]] Oh my god
Shucks man I don't know about this
Wow uh man you know I ain't need such as gifts
Same person that took care of me Samuel H. Invisible
Every time we tried to go on a ride the entire cast of Frosting! Th e Musical would trundle in ahead of us and get treats on everything
Oh no no no no no
Dang man
Come on Ray Friendly up
Ooh dang man I got some waxy buildup ... better find a Q-Tip
First like show a clip of a man just ruthlessly shooting a rifle into a group of children
dang
Well uh right off the bat I don't see why not
Cash  Guy wouldn't even LOOK at my credit card  Why you askin anyway
WELL THEN MAYBE YOU SHOULD INVITE HUEY LEWIS OVER AND OPEN THE WINDOWS
or one week of the cost of employing a restaurant sanitation inspector
Man how come women don't rule the world
No man I'm just sayin' years from now me all crawlin' around blind on the linoleum with some eighty dollar tube hangin' outta my Johnson.
I shoot my gun and Java be dancin'
Oh my dogg it's a live chicken
I'll give it a shot and if I don't call back in five, it was nice talking to you
That freaked me out real bad so I pulled the surge protector outta the wall.
It's this new gig I mean I thought I would like it and the money is good but it is totally a bad gig
What in the
PROKOFIEV, you fuck smellers !
Alright Ray I'm here with your afternoon Guess Basket
Why sure Vlad of course you can come to the barbecue
On drums we got Philippe
Plust it don't even say nothin' about sales performance bonuses
to reveal a blade hidden in the meat;
Gosh man uh how about we use it to endow a home for wrecked-up dudes and women who been messed with
Between the two of us we're at eighteen hundo and change
Yes please come over and take a picture of me or I can come to your house and we can take the picture there
Oh wow yeah I bet they hella updated it
I want the truth
Oh uh definitely not we got a seat for you and everything
We gonna administer a test to determine your psychological profile doggs
I don't know but he is humming hell of ditties
Now how about we catch with the rest of the guys at the Tenmen.  Get your mind off things.
How do I know you ain't sold me out to Ottawa Modified Death?
Uh Ray I am with a lady friend at the moment and we have taken a DVD
Ray's game is melted down chili pepper nailed to a board
It causes great stress and his trapezius muscles are knotted all to hell
That is completely a thing
You mean like saving zingers in a file and occasionally looking up chaps and lads from history
I bet you can pick up late model convertible Mustangs for a song right now
baby carrot is the trigger
And what was with them putting that metal box on my head and piping in the sound of frying food while I ate that un-curled "curly" fry through the tiny hole
Yeah of course he does it is made out of like Yttrium and has such as a gyroscopic leveling system
Then I had a brief dream where all my old teachers got together in a meeting room and said how they always could tell that I would get diabetes
[[ Beef is pounding the table angrily ]] I DIDN'T FORGET NOTHIN' DAMMIT JUST GET OUT OF HERE T?ODOR WHY YOU ALWAYS TALKIN!
Oh cool my Recipe of the Month membership finally kicked in
God what is with all these idiotic categories why ain't every dang card just blank inside
You shouldn't hit on chicks if you have the runs man think about the outcome
I could go home and hide beneath the sink with a yellow pillow and some cigars
'til I get tired of it
Molly?
Uh you got to admit TÃ©odor she looks just like an angel
Oh right it's like that cyanide pill they make astronauts pack
Are you gonna be sick or something
The new Hashbrowns module is almost done
How do you know I wasn't just looking at her necklace
That's when a man comes to your house and he just looks at you
so how do you french anyway
Dang man how can you tell
Excuse me first though - I got to see a man about a famous urinating horse which I am considering buying
Well nipple rings almost seems like you 'cause you got kind of a "hey, man" attitude
Ray man what in hell are you doing here ?!
So what you're saying is that you cannot make a proper Tequila Sunrise because I only have a small airplane bottle of Cuervo and a packet of Sunny Delight orange guice drink concentrate on the end table by your chair. You're saying things like "Bullshit Sunrise."
I mean I live next door pretty much
The ones that got out alive though
Oh I nearly was sidetracked I got you this present
I can't kill that little thing
Own your situation Ray you goddamn forgot it and now you got to roll anyway
All of a sudden the TV said all of this stuff about how it was gonna restore to its defaults.
What you LIKE is that you're holding something the police will wrestle you for
"The End"?
Tore off Fancy Mark Clancy's entire middle...
Logo all an actual photo of a German Shepherd named Yard Dancer being destroyed by the county
All some cop pulling you over just to confess that he would like nothing more than to make love to Orlando Bloom.  Then he wishes you a nice day and speeds off to a crime.
Huh?
Schools are exactly designed to keep dudes from becoming kings
CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S REALLY YOU
My porn name is "John Holmes"
Do they have just such as Coronas
Oh yeah dogg just let me at the bar I'm gonna tinker with myself 'til I say only promises
You got to be kidding
Please man you had so much to drink
[thought bubble] Maybe there is hope after all
It's surprising because he is so nice!
Whoah are those condoms ... must be from like a ex-boyfriend or something
Man ain't you worried at what people would say if they ran in here and saw
We're all hid in the dumbwaiter so call back soon OK word
Dang Ray man you can't eat the cookies before you buy them what the hell
dang-i thought these things were supposed to totally kill you
You can reply such as "I heard there was a sale on bitch supplies !"
Oh dogg you do not want to meet Zell and Cory.
Fourteen hours
PSST!
It's okay - I didn't actually want to go to sleep tonight
Hey Pat uh Ray just saw a Magreaux dog downtown by the KFC
(thinking) I just want to buy the Peter and the Wolf CD, damn you!
Alright okay man I get it is there like a special type of stuff I can eat to get you back
Man I been hung over before but you take the cake Ray
no way... no...
Oh uh I got the numbers on Todd
Oh hee hee already some pee in front of the toilet man this party is gonna be off the hook
Alright Ray No mercy
There was this one interview with Russell Crowe after The Insider where he said that even after losing the weight he put on for that part he-
Oh you mean these eyes
Hm yes well then what is your most recent wine
[reading] _"The next day: A tender letter arrives from Hiram the blacksmith.  Do you want to read it?"_
You can't drink beer in the store put that down or the cops will come!
Mezcal
You just type them like a word processor it's neat
Jewelry
This is not to brag
Why you all limpin' around Ray
Each one has a strong rep but an exploitable weakness that ain't been publicly identified yet
Little tiny brains all over the radicchio
We got into some trouble tryin' to watch a movie on your entertainment system
Yeah uh hey Chevy gonna go family-size on some won ton I got a lot of thinkin' to do
Your body got peeled out on by a car ?
Oh hello my son bless you as you are the fruit of the lamb
Maybe it's set up more like an "adventure weekend" that goes horribly wrong Like four buddies go hunting and three of them have agreed to sell the last guy to Ottawa Modified Death Maybe he has like buck teeth and a calculator and stuff
That would be acceptable sir
Or arguing what a queef was when in private from teachers
Alright so what did I miss while I was on the phone Did you get your horses all shoed
Sound and Motion is one of those new-age experimental technique guys from Santa Cruz
An ointment or salve?
I don't know Ray I could see this turnin' out pretty badly
I just like being out here
Look uh I know Thanksgiving has ended and all
Man I hate campin'
Ray I am speaking with a friend right now
That one that Molly framed yeah right
Jesus Ray this ain't much of a time man is this important
I mean your neural pathways are really gettin' better since last week when I showed you that peach and you got all embarrassed and asked if I could put its pants back on
oh my god   with the cammer 427    657 bhp    banned in six states
It was a pretty rough scene
Maybe you should put the pants back on the dancin' Santa
Don't you lecture me
Man Ray why you keep that ancient old cordless phone anyway  It is hell of jilapidated
And then cut to Paris Hilton talking on her cell phone at a Knicks game
Actually man that is real good that was close on a few concepts!
I am gonna take four shits and die
Alright dogg there is one ounce how does that feel
Oh Jesus please tell me Photoshop didn't just launch in under four seconds. Please lord have mercy on this one man's soul.
Fuel additives aren't really necessary in most cars well I'll be diddled
UGH nice work Ray
Yeah man uh you got any hulls
Dude no way!
[[thinking]] Alright now just whip up some main card categories that cover the basic aspects of life and let the juice trickle down
Keep the change amigo
I bet in England though folks come up to those people and are all like COO COO CLUCK CLUCK SIGN ME BOOK PLEASE
Jesus woman why are you not getting it.
HE WANTS TO TASTE THE CURB! HE WANTS TO TASTE THE FUCKING CURB!
Dang
Why did you send a check for $10,000 to "Oreos"
They either want to be a hero or be with a hero
A turd with a bullet in it ain't exactly 5 O'Clock News Ray
Check it out Ray this is interesting
"Born down in a dead man's town...first kick I took was when I hit the ground..."
Here let me help you with your bag
Then Lyle was all pressing buttons on that really wide remote with the big wheel.
Two bucks or go
Oh wow he even lied about going to get a shoeshine so that he could buy a wreath of lillies
For a logo I mean
So uh what's up with this rabbit of yours Pat
That if any more bands get famous simply by covering songs off of Disintegration
I see you have a mustache now
city storm drain
SCREW YOU T?ODOR YOU KNOW I GOT TO HAVE SPECIAL LAMPS TO BE IN SOCIETY !
I go to a taco truck. I order three tacos. They cost three dollars.  My Fiesta Name is Pendejo.
Interesting. Let's talk about this. Did your mother have any grenadine, or was that mainly your father's obligation? Because you seem to feel entitled to grenadine.
Cornelius tries to put the smooth on Chickenhead Mary with a pickup line from John Donne
You also have quite the sun tan
[[typing]] Some Trashy White People Named Their Baby Jaylen? Dammit Woman Some Of Us Have Work To Do (inside) I'm Sorry Baby Look I Been Real On Edge Lately
Man Molly is talkin' about havin' a baby again
Does the pope drop a deuce in a wooden room?!
Now he sees his boy breakin' rules that ain't even written and makin' his own besides
How come
I...
Oh my GOD I don't want the Weird Al version !
Huh no sir I ain't--
Maybe whoever can pedal an exercise bike the longest and hardest while facing a picture of her has the most hate
Cool man see you in a few
Nothing matters anymore I've got NOTHING TO LOSE
I look like some guy who chooses fonts for a living
You won't need it.
I feel like I'm just gonna start typin' URLs like crazy
How come I gotta be the one who gets made over
Dogg the best place to hide something ridiculous is out in the open you know
Man I had all these horrible dreams
The car from
"...or punch the front of your throat and sell you to Social Distortion"
Well uh this definitely started better than it's gonna end if you know what I mean
Wait a minute this doesn't look right
Oh crap dude Ray I am so sorry man I got your back anything you need
We cracked into a case of Blue Nun widemouths at like 3 AM last night
Man the dogs next door yelped for an hour after that ambulance went by at 5am
Last I checked you'd circle for twenty extra minutes just to get a parkin' spot directly in front of the store
Dang Philippe thanks for coming I guess today is the big day huh !
We'll be over after Survivor, cool?
It landed in this empty cup of rum
And then based on that figure it schedules a reservation for us at an appropriate restaurant
Oh like they get a fake nice thing and then nine months later it's all "well I guess if we pull out this dresser drawer that can be a crib"
Phillippe these are just the lyrics to "Born in the USA"
Loaded gun
But...but where's my special ornament I made for you, mom?
Okay
Sheesh Ray
So you want to get drunk and talk about yourself. Hold on, I'm writing this down.
"I want the truth"
I thought you said you had squared away all this debt with them
Oh WELL then as long as you're cool with coming home to find me tea-bagging the garbage disposal then sure I'll carry a cell phone
Did you know that I want to commit suicide?
Okay it looks like I'm drivin' a golf cart
Well I would have stopped snoring in that case and plus I would not have been pushed
Somehow I paid more in taxes than actual functional people with marginal careers pay for a used Saturn
You mean at the current Acres or the first few years at Ken Crandall's farm
(thinking) Yes, that's right!
Just open it dude
Oh yes definitely
Since the operation do you notice that you are less aggressive and don't mark the furniture as much ?
I'm sorry that I straight up roasted your ding dong
Yeah I guess that would be a good Nevada state execution program
Twice
A turd with a bullet ain't exactly 5 O'Clock News Ray
Destroy its itty bitty soul with a knife
Heh well yes I guess I am a main Honcho of things
Goodnight Ray
Why are you drinking at work Ray
Oh hey Teodor that is a boss new machine dogg. Did you build it yourself like a straight player.
Then lot twelve's hot tub gurgled and spat between 6:30 and 7:30 since it is low on water The pump cycled down and back up again at least three times as I can remember
Tell him Son of Rodney is about to sell his wife a 29-Minute Ab Minder
Told you so dude just throw them away.  It's the Kazenzakis curse
Man well uh like ain't people like the most bored by thtat point and ain't listenin' and such
I feel like I should be in some Microsoft Word ad
Man I would totally go to the bathroom on that guy
The dog doesn't even know why it's doing what it's doing but it tries to take on our appearance
Man what would make this quesadilla really tasty is some dashes of hot sacue
Please Ray there's no need
We got nine new blogs to get caught up on today you Jack Samsons so put on your Face Eyes and sit in your Body Chair !
Dogg how did she know I was a trashy beginner rich guy ?
Oh yeah Lie Bot told me about that
But your phone number was the only one I could remember just now
Heh actually I do know the answer
Shoes which are still at the store and not sold and I am driving away at kind of an angle to the store
Everyone in the doorway all starin' at me
Bruno was the baddest pit bull in the yard. He wasn't clipped, so he looked like a brown watermelon with nuts. Did the chick dogs want him? Yeah, they wanted him. But he had some wine to taste. Expensive-ass wine from the Asian steppes.
Is this really the attitude you're taking to the election?
How costly was that trough call anyway
Man I think the "dinner party" is the biggest marketing con of the modern age
I'm returnin' that Noam Chomsky video you made me rent from you
Shucks you know I ain't really uh I ain't never--
Oh uh yeah wow you remember her?
Lessee here what's he got to say this time
Pat are you here it's Roast Beef
Dand man what in hick is a crap gasket
will not even cover one-tenth of the installment costs of a new
Sounds like you think you gonna do it
How do you explain that you so good at the piano all of a sudden
KISS MY ASS!
Shucks Todd.  I ain't seeing no hidden page in this menu.
Man don't be lookin in my-
[[Hand on his chin in a thoughtful posture]]  People half our age also have tattoos of Insane Clown Posse going over Niagra Falls in a tomato.
The car from Peel-Out Summer
Oh uh he is travelling for a while and must have had his mail forwarded here sorry about that
Alright now Phillippe uh did you work on your campaign speech like we agreed that you would
Well then uh we would like three dollars each of your most recent wine
We had a mouse named John And we lived on Holmes Lane
Oh damn he ain't moved his humectants to the cooler in the garage yet
Oh man that is a bad sign
Maybe I got to take like a course at the community college
Canada ain't pretend it has an enormous GDP
We did not have a good time at Disneyland
Me and Todd been knuckleheads since old times
Right on cue thirteen ugly children roll gutterballs
Maybe the hour of playing a Bauhaus tape and pulling a quarter out of your ear but yes definately no witching
Every yup-ass magazine all showin' a photo of a model who don't even eat holdin' a fat basted golden goose on truffled raita pilaf that took ten fake cooks to make
Plus you probably want to marry me which is WEIRD
Oh uh you got to download Ad-Aware from Lavasoft.de
My lady all dead six days in the bathtub and the guy from the county and checks the Yes box after Is It A Shame
You're talkin' about what would basically be the most important model train layout of all time you realise
What the hell are they even saying all this time
Ooo b-doobie wop
"Fill a condom with 1 part peat, 1 part sand, and 1 part water.  There you go: you've just created the ideal germination environment for tarragon seeds."
or one full set of in-flight dinners on Air Force One
[[thinking]] Man who says graphic design is hard that logo took six minutes and it's the best damn graphic design in the world
They live in an abandoned railway tunnel and only leave on moonless nights don't worry.
Oh crud Ray a guy is here to visit my mom we got to get scarce!
Probably something like OH MAN I THOUGHT WE WERE BEST FRIENDS I MEAN WHAT IN THE HELL MAN WHY I GOT TO GET IN THE MISSILE
Yeah man you done gone changed teams
Shucks Ray I don't know how to pick up no lady
He's that dude from Forrest Gump who didn't have no legs
So uh let's light off this firecracker under this Dorito and then we'll have some cake
Maybe now I should write a module that controls your drinking
What's the matter with them Ray
The graphical user interface
The guy in lot fourteen undid his velcro shoes just before eight and then lit a cigarette
Classic Ray
I mean about this collections letter from Rockford Fosgate car audio
How come you had to go and yell that about my private ideas  Now she's gonna call my mom and I'm gonna get put on Punishment
Apparently Charles Mingus at one point wrote a little pamphlet on how to get a cat to use the toilet
I go to a taco truck. I order three tacos. They cost three dollars.  My Fiesta Name is Pendejo. I still have enough money left over for a large Dr. Pepper and Lesotho.
I like him too
So long dang old Earth
But also like ain't your club fancy and a man can't wear a tank top with an insect diagram
Are you kidding me ?! The government even gets a cut when i LOVE somebody ?
SO YOU GONNA SHOVEL OUT ZOLOFT LIKE COAL INTO A STEAM ENGINE BUT YOU AIN'T GONNA SELL THE CARDS YOUR CUSTOMERS NEED BEFORE THE ZOLOFT KICKS IN HUH IS THAT IT!
Decent.
Now sit back and prepare to have your minds blown away as four complete musical strangers explore the sonic soundscape
Man that is crazy 'cause yes I am and thank you
Maybe ju an' me are amigos !
And why is there a small amount of carro tin your ear
Also I enjoy shoes that feature devices
Right I figure this is basically the only card I even need to have in my Dude-to-Dude card line because no guy will ever get used to getting a card from another guy
Why do we even need heirloom quality stuff if our kids are just gonna get swindled by the same dumb tradition playin' them into the hands of some useless industry that's on a vent and two drips
There is balm in Gilead
I mean there are hidden fees behind hidden fees!
whoah insane
Pretty good now that I am 239,000 miles from The Cure.
She's the last on the list come on Ray
Anyways
If I wanted to mock you I would be spinning off sonnets about wrestling Judi Dench out of her three pound underwear
[[Thinking]] Ugh, I feel like someone pinched my nose and puked in my mouth
What's the idea
Oh gosh man I ain't barely even started.
WHAT THE HELL IS THE MATTER WITH YOU
Also I had a dream where a hot naked lady gave me hugs but I resisted the temptation
DOUBLE-SWEET!
What's with the long piece protruding off the front though
Dude needs mane
I ain't begrudge him his falutin' at all the dude does more in one day than I will ever know can be done
Calm down, dude. Switch to the next article or something
What's this
Then just as he 'maxed he took a big drag and spelled his name out in smoke
Oh uh I didn't want to catch anything
Hello my name is Patsy Cline
Dogg no you ain't want to challenge the Jeeps Ray you got no idea what you even on about!
This may seem obvious at first but rarely does a company with a logo that retarded become the undisputed hub of the worldwide information exchange.
I ain't never gonna wear none of these
But get me in front of a lady and it's like "Whoah get me in front of my computer instead cause I really feel like programmin' it right about now"
Oh hey Teodor
Sciencecize it cool
My name is Roast Beef and wouldn't you know
Oh hold on for a second would you please
Leander I want you to go
You had to go on a tear dogg You can't just kick three asses and win the Great Outdoor Fight
This next beatdown will show that you have a cruel sense of humor
Since my blood pressure will be higher during the second clip I will win
Dang man Pat I love on chocolate-covered cherries
There ain't no honour in any category where this guy is concerned trust me.
Alright Ray What you into
My uncle George runs it
I guess my imagination's too good
All some guy standing on his front lawn next to his car and wife and kids and screamin' "I can't pay for ANY OF THIS!"  Later than night he blows his brains out in a creek so there won't be a mess
Also apparently fifty hundred scared baby birds were born somewhere close by
LOOKS LIKE JACKS FUCKING DONG
Go on down to the underground and live it up Beef-style
Yeah man hit me with some before I go down that guantlet of smiles
What's with this notebook Man did we write all this
Dang so yeah uh I remembered that today is your birthday
(thinking) PROKOFIEV, you fuck smellers!
Oh uh Ray thanks but we have some talking to do
I... how in hell do you know the score man what in the hell ?!
Oh god please don't be mad at me I JUST can't deal with that right now man please
Looks like you heard about Michael
You didn't kill that guy Ray.   That was Cody Travis and he has his own private mobile medical unit right over that barbed wire.  Cosmetic surgeons and everything.
Oh my god I could stretch out for days on that futon
Oh stop it now Ray
Oh man no wonder she poured so much Chivas in my noggin she was tryin' to get knocked up by a scratch-havin' man !
Dang man it looks like they got Jeff Goldblum writin' the ads AND the OS. Talk about a computer which basically has AIDS.
Ok it's getting closer to the summer campaigning season so maybe let's work on that a little today
Recumbent Tai-Chi
[[very nervous]] So uh do I hold onto the club such as this
Well like I was gonna wear all black but all I could find was a black hacky-sack so I kicked that around for a little while
Take it out into the woods and shoot it I guess
Showbiz man what the hell You ain't got to lie to us
One Two Three!
She's always remembering things I say
Oh shut up Ray don't even talk about gettin' with a robot
Whoah hold on I don't get it
You can pretend all you want but I did just say that
Man Ray you a shambles What the hell man where's your underpants
Hush Ray
So you all cut now is what it is huh
[[thinking]] With him there's no inbetween
Okay cool they do a good -- OH uh wow man bad news on the computer front
Goodbye everybody
All showing that it was just like seven thirty-five PM which ain't exactly too petrifying of an hour
Yeah, but I mean you I mean look you didn't even remember you had it so why keep it around just leechin' ducats
oh hee hee!
Molly I need you to prove--
Wow dang that coffee ring looks like the Virgin Mary with child
Hey uh listen Ray I got to drive to downtown San Francisco and pick some stuff for Molly
Oka-
Well what would you have us do Ray
Yahoo! has a regrettable logo, but Google, your mom made your logo.  You were running late that day and she drew it in the car on the way to the meeting.
It ain't the coolest place in town
Yeah man ok cool I'll see you here in a few
Showbiz why are you mentioning Switzerland
Oh nice all with a frosty Amstel instead of a puddle that a rhino crapped in
No, god dammit !
Instant D
Darren stole three Ho-Ho's, a flashlight, then failed to pay a parking ticket
Oh he took off
Can you be my girlfriend Molly
Yeah man it is spot on and the hair is great too so let's do this
Oh god dangit a cop
Face it man we been bred down to pee-wees     If I saw a wounded gazelle my first instinct would definitely not be to start eating its hot guts
Bran looks like... it is these small green pellets
Woah dogg is a teacher here
OOOH YEAH BABY SHINE THAT LAMP
Oh my god dude what are you doing sitting around watching gay porn like it was just a basic day!
Showed me the ring and everything
That is some sweet Beans Ray.  Anyhow the reason that I called is that I just got the new Chris Isaak album and I haven't even opened it yet.
Alright Todd on Ray's signal go ahead and start the bit
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
I'm sorry sir but hell if I can you know
I don't think you can hurt its feelings too much more at this point
Jesus Ray we got the chessboard out but you playin' Whac-A-Mole
Oh you know lots of bran and usually a zucchini at 2pm like the magazines say How about you are you eating well
I am not much of a cook but I hope you can uh still enjoy my I mean our diner at least somewhat
no way... no... *way*
If you only take your meals standing and they all tend to be greasy street foods they tend to give you sinner's ass somethin' awful
The Fight is their show Ray man we ain't got no business steppin' outside their rules!
Oh my god unbelievable!
Everything about it is so big you ain't got the synaptic bandwidth to process the girth of the grief
Yes sir
Only if it can send itself home Pat
I mean technically he locked me in here and MADE me watch but whatever you know I wasn't really busy
Plus that thing is so hell of wispy a spider covets
I ONLY GET CONCERNED IF SHE AIN'T SITTIN' ON THE BED CRYIN'!
The eggs all not cooked all the way
That will be difficult to do inside the confines of the pool house but I believe if we set our minds to it we can create a pleasing approximation
Sorry I mean goodnight Jack White
Let's at least drain it and fill it back up with Ancient Situation or something else less embalmy
And you probably want to get it on with me like a hundred times a day BESIDES
I think I'm gonna take a "me" day
Red light
oh my gosh You kiddin' me
Anyhow Todd that's the reason water is so cheap I think
Yes, we often hear about this, this hard life and bad scene. How come people who have a bad life sing so many songs? Is it from the slave tradition? You almost never hear of plantation owners coming up with wonderful, original music. Wasn't the only music ever written by a plantation owner, "chopsticks"?
Keep looking
I mean I don't want to seem all cocky and falutin' so maybe just a real basic plan where like if I die they put me in a coffin
Uh why Ray what's goin' on
Peter and the WOLF, motherfuckin eBay !
Polls show that he is actively disliked by females, ethnic groups, religious groups...
Oh man what if this is a
UN-LEASH!
Hi rose
God dammit Ray do you know what kind of day I'm havin' and you just said WHAT to me?!
So Jim it says here that when you retired your wife talked you into opening a bed and breakfast
No uh not at all um more like Emeril committing a crime
I would like a huge sassy black lady to point at a portrait of me and exclaim "Fuck THIS guy!"
So uh yeah sorry this gift is so selfish
All of the sudden the TV said this stuff about how it was gonna restore to its defaults
You so lucky Ray
Alright go man do it
Also I enjoy shoes that feature devices or puff-embroidery in the shape on an animal which represents alacrity
Yeah yeah that's right
Alright dogg lets get MARRIED!  Lets get married to a LADY!
All that means is some kisses for you
ULLURGH! BLUUURGH!
Hee hee yeah they really are uncomfortable around the stuff.
Throbbin' kinda slowly at first
Anyhow gentlemen our first order of business is a little treat for you troops
Dang man since when you all into the hipster t-shirt craze
It's okay Showbiz okay now we can help you out you just to go let us
Oh my goodness Hello Mrs. Smuckles!
Then like one second later the phone rang and I almost had a dang old heart attack
Wow uh what in hell is a digital canary then is that such as bluetooth or some deal
Seriously man Carolus Linnaeus would classify this as Shitty
Strappin' that dog to the INSIDE was probably more of an aerodynamic than an ethical concern
Oh uh yeah it is come to grapes
He's a hackable dude for sure I mean he is basically a laptop
No they already have people.
Well would you look at that here we are
Waitress all can't get no better job 'cause one time back in life she shoplifted some lipstick
Based on how much eggs or milk they started with
Take it out into the woods and shoot it I guess
Quiet man hush Teodor just invented this insane new dance move
Good then now what is your opinion on the socialization of health care
Uh you got to admit Teodor she looks just like an angel
Oh uh I um I have this song about to come up on the jukebox
So... uh...
IT'S CROWNING
I mean the shit I had to go through...
the bone is the handle.
I mean Ray would do some pretty kinky stuff sometimes but I could always just close my eyes and cover my ears
Jesus christ that's right I said I wished I could cook up some basic Chinese at home
Dude so like listen uh I got plans tomorrow so can you use a ticket to Cartilage Head
So you're married huh
Okay guys uh do you know how to generate your "porn star name"
Dang man check it Milklin took your advice
Screw you, parents!  I'm gonna say a five-pound cuss on ham radio and rent a P.O. Box!
It was also quite astonishing to hear the cusses of 2 Live Crew for the first time
Come on Ray can't you even figure out the parental controls for your own damn TV. Sex Limo starts in like six minutes.
No it's pre-writing obituaries for celebrities who ain't dead yet so they can have somethin' ready to run in a hurry
Oh hee dude you gonna play her to a T man she ain't gonna know what hit her when you rip off that disguise
I hope you like chicken which has been baked in a dish !
Yes basically around seven
Oh sorry uh I got basically no appetite whatsoever
How'd you get the name Ray
That would be fun
Hey Ray uh do you remember how much calories in Chardonnay I mean I think the rhyme goes Fifty-One Has Mrlot But Chardonnay Has Less To Show ---
I mean it basically implies that Latinos make friends for dumb reasons
All asleep with tarantulas on my face
[[Sitting down at computer]] Oh dang dogg this machine is chubby
Yes I'm eating well
I'll just sit back and keep outta your way then I mean you're the pro.
Man that kind of scratch would be pretty tidy I got to admit
Yeah but not a very good one
Oh lame baby I would not do that I would not go set up a DVD with my buns all showin'!
I love geometry Ray
Plenty of dudes will side with you if they know you are Rodney Leonard Stubbs' son
was to check Yahoo News
>
Then Lyle was all pressing buttons on that really wide remote with the big wheel
You had me at Sex Traction Aunts Getting Vodka-Rogered On Glass Furniture
Now he's all like those people who say they see the Virgin Mary in a latke
Man that is a huge relief  My mom gets off work way after Neiman Marcus closes
No you give him a stiff jab at the nerve center here and his whole back will freeze up like iron
Man why you all despondent Ray
I just hung up 'cause I didn't know what to say.
Oh my god
Okay uh I like shoes that have a design on the side for which I am assessed a premium.
Maybe next time there are some directions you could read them BEFORE someone admires my shoulders
Hey other guy who basically looks like me and has the same funny energy
Awww yeah who became Groucho Marx in the bathroom just now
I almost kept it for myself but I was like wait what if the dude has bad luck at a lake you know it would be on me
Oh heck if that isn't my cell phone dang it
SHUT UP JUST SHUT THE HELL UP YOU SUCK SO MUCH
Holy crap who pressed on my head?!
Serious Times dogg I was over kickin' it with Emeril and Spongebath when those two stumbled by all juiced on the stuff
Yeah you ain't a guy of kids I got to take that with a grain of salt
Tell you what
Fauntleroy lost his lunch but then went into a three day Dutch fugue.  Maimed or killed 586 men but was insane the rest of his days.
Two of you are gonna go fetch Perfect Ron Sipes
Inside the housing of a large table saw
Hm that's definitely gonna raise a red flag Let's just say you're a private contractor
Can't we use ingredients that are native to this area and stuff
Johnny Cash traded his knuckles in for dirt exactly a year ago dogg can you believe it
It's like Typhoid Mary all over again
You might be the only guy on earth ever spread brie on a hot dog bun
awesome
I don't know dogg is this the scariest stuff we can think of
Dang man whenever you used to see a bunny in your garden you would cold draw your .22
Woman we ain't need some blanket!  I ain't gonna see none of it happen!
This Mile of Highway Sponsored by Darren Getting His Guts Shot Out by Honorable Representative of Tayaguchi Corporation
So this is it Heaven
He uh he is partying down in Cozumel
Oh yeah Cornelius definitely in the main I mean for real so like what are you looking for?
Ray come on dogg
Gave it to Lyle
Why you askin anyway
Holy crap Tina what is this ?
Little rabbit ambulance takin' the body away
Wow! You might be the only lady who ever liked to read Nate Small!
Shoes which are still at the store and not sold and I am driving away at kind of an angle to the store.
Jack White gets into the bed Ray
What a nice new pork pie hat Pat
Cassandra
You got any Huey Lewis albums
They named me...
Wonder what's in the fridge
Show you up close and personal how Son of Rodney takes a man apart
Man you wouldn't believe this Ray
Also
What is Ponds Cold Cream dogg
And what are you gonna do with the body Ray it ain't like you can just make him into a hat !
Oh hey Todd what it is Sure you can ask me a question
Just look at his ambitions Ray Maybe he don't like algebra so much
Well uh it's kinda small for a logo I mean
Aww nuts man Pat's cell phone is in here
It's gonna wiggle all in my noggin and hella kill me !
He ain't in a wheelchair for real man that was all CGI and stuff
God I'm not even able to read a seingle line I'm so distracted
Fine then
Fine yeah I'll drop you off at the movies just tell me when it's a quarter of six
Not to mention all the spray for spiking ans detting the rest of that nest man I was up to four cans a week and more on weekends
Maybe the hour of playing a Bauhaus tape and pulling a quarter out of your ear but yes definitely no witching
Alright yeah uh just a good combed haircut for a wedding and nothin' that takes blow dryers or costly sarganthums
Said he was gonna propose to Janeane this fall
Then lot twelve's hot tub gurgled and spat between 6:30 and 7:30 since it is low on water
[thinking]  She'll just think of me as a set of bowels with a laptop
Fell 2997th last year
Oh man   The car from *Peel-Out Summer*
No ! I DON'T want the one David Bowie narrated !
Like if you took them off the TV they'd seem right at home with a brown plastic tray and a tiny carton of milk ?
It is DUDE'S DELIGHT!
Prototype?
[thought bubble] Holy crap look at the impression Ray left in the passenger seat
Not to mention just plain rude
Well uh it's kind of small
Oh I was all nervous Molly
Even when open Uncle George's cafe is essentially closed
May I entreat my lady to play at whist?
Ladies and gentlemen put your hands together for ANIMALICIOUS
Whoah whoah whoah whoah whoah whoah WHOAH
That is some sweet Beans Ray Anyhow the reason that I called is that I just got the new Chris Isaak album and I haven't even opened it yet
Uh yeah does Diet Coke have very much sodium
I mean it's just going to turn out to be a pretty short book is all  Well of course I am writing to my strengths
[[taking brandy bottle]] Well if it wasn't for you I'd die never knowin' the Fight
Look if you needed to urinate you could have said so
Picture THAT if you would
It was so real
The pump cycled down and back up again at least three times as I can remember
I got to get to the hospital and see if he's okay!
Take me with you Pat
This wedding isn't about you you dickhead and if you fuck it up I will personally walk down from the altar and hit you with a folding chair in between "I" and "do"
What does that mean modified death
Oh no dogg uh this is great you totally did a nice job
Cards for yourself!
Alright looks like the last dude standing is Rudy Cava
...with the ones at table three
If you save him you save yourself 'cause he got Southern ways and he would never Take you after that high gesture
Oh uh Ray uses it as an elevator when he's feelin' cranky and doesn't want to use the stairs
It's kind of like a penance 'cause he made me go to Disneyland and I just had a nasty old time of it like I told him I would
Dogg you only want a wedding so you can gruffle a kilogram of bacon-wrapped shrimp
Well Sure Todd I would be happy to
I don't mean I would actually do it but I am tr
Oh hee hee yeah
OH uh sorry year I didn't mean to blurt that out I just uh I ain't know too many wine terms
He was also gonna help out with place cards and table decorations
Oh uh thank you but my birthday is not on this day
PIZZA'S HERE!
Alright that's two
NO no wait okay uh what can I do to make you not do that
I've heard that yeah
Maybe if you sell your car plus this speaker gear you can cover all your debts in spite of depreciation
She'll just think of me as a set of bowels with a laptop
Like I was playin a piano
Dang Ray don't tuck that money under your eyelids !
I found all these funny onesies that would be humorous on a baby
Maybe you got a touch of sass gut
Soundtrack all just "Yesterday" by the Beatles
Oh my god I bought a rooster instead of a chicken !
Alright now first you basically got to declare your income and how you come by that income
"Crack crab legs and claws inside a condom for a mess-free seafood dinner"
OOOH YEAH BABY NOW SHINE THAT THING UNDER THE COVERS YOU ABOUT TO MEET DRACULA MWWWAH-HA-HA
Alright dogg that's everything
I don't know dogg this mane isn't doing much for me
Mama jokes are the order of the day so I hope you can keep up
We got no chops on this device
Was this before or after Janeane finally called
No, KITT was created from modified early-80s Trans Ams and was not a deep burgundy
Look man let's go down to the Smoke and make a time of it
Do you remember such things as hearing that a girl stuffed her bra
You just readin' the part that's in bold
Better not be no love letter from a snake
Oh man could you hear that through the door
I'D THINK I LOST MY TOUCH!
Oh man I would love me a deli sandwich
Oh for heaven's sake look at you
I know but serious you can't get these tickets open-market
I bought a chicken with a ding-a-ling
Okay fine whatever I'll find something on the menu
When I was born I wasn't really developed all the way
It would be cool if every time he told a joke someone shot a dove.
Vase of dried hydrangeas, vase of dried acanthus, or vase of dried rununculas ? which would you rather throw at your wife ?
I heard that if you try that the chef gets mad and draws ding dongs all over the cartons and receipt and everything
You can see it in last year's tapes once you know what to look for
I got to take al ook at the code base and maybe figure this out
All nervously losing their spoon virginity to the dim flicker of the Apple Quicktime trailer of Shrek
DAAAAAAAANG IIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
Oh dang what's this
Oh no way you got a voice modulator hooked up to a speech algorithm ?!
That came from hard-ass personal qualities but also the fact that America was at the ATM with less than $20 in checking and needed to pay for world War II
oh my goodness!
Only socially able to marry a dim wife who clamors on every day about how she caught stinkeye from some immigrant on the bus
you are
Hey Emeril you guys got to come to a party at Ray's in a little bit
I ain't want that action hanging in a pocket mere inches from my peter   Boy Named Sue 8-bit ringtone all agitating my free radicals
[[Sliding backwards]] Nooooo
Look Phillipe it just isn't going to work with Todd.
Settle down now
You broke up with me because someone took pictures of me getting the hugs
They couldn't tell if I was gonna be a man or a lady...
Oh uh you should place the dots more at your joints you know
[thought bubble] Oh god what am I saying there is no hope there is NO HOPE!
Oh uh why hello Molly
Just take it and run
Yeah
Build a reputation
That's because the action of sneakin' seventy bucks from my wallet generates very little noise
Oh yeah uh hi sir uh I would like a serving of your classiest wine
Alright Ray how does my Patsy Cline look
Gusano Rojo man that is the stiff coal
Come on Ray the guy broke all the Fight rules his first time around
You can't break a computer program
Man we are eating hamburgers dude cut it out
What are you snickerin' about Ray
There's a half stick of Arctic Tsunami one buck no budgin'
Yeah I got to cool off this fresh hot macaroni before I put it in the fridge and head over
with the cammer 427
Traffic on the 101 was so FUCKED man it took damn eight hours just to six inches
Oh and I had better get this breathing I'll just be a moment
Baby I am really sorry I been a dong in the main all week I mean you give me a map and point to a spot and I can find a way to get there and let you down
I AIN'T goin' through that again
This is MY bachelor party and I am gonna get WRECKED UP!
I don't recall you advisin' any women on the subject of mashin' birthday cakes around under their bottoms
We already arrested
[[Holding his hand out in an "on-the-other-hand" posture]] But there is no bad time to NOT have a baby
This is gonna be awesome
Yeah man we were just trying to have a nice time you know
Yes dogg that is the baby oh my goodness !
Aww yeah Teodor that third guitar note you played just now was perfect dogg
That is a DATE
Dang lady why you pushin on me
V8, Miller Lite and raw egg
DRACULA DON'T GOT MUCH MONEY THIS WEEK MWWWAH-HA-HA
Well...in one it's clear she's on her deathbed but she tells me not to worry about her and says "go fix yourself a steak" like a caring parent would
He told me enough
I mean if Romeo had a stench like that they only would have needed like the first three pages of that play.
Philippe man you lookin' tight
Yet that is exactly what I see here
Oh uh we just uh we gonna go do what she likes you know !  Plus they got desserts at just awful lots of places these days !
Then like one second later the phone rang and I almost had a dang old heart attack.
Molecular gastronomy can take a hike as far as I'm concerned
Ray should wear a leather mask and shoot 8-ball in a cage in the traveling circus sideshow
Ooh dang maybe that's Ray's car
People are gonna use Admit It day any damn way they please man I mean look how many people use Christmas as the second date on their headstone
Do you need emergency Denny's muchacho or are you just gonna whine this one out?
NORTHEAST CORNER
If we let Todd just do what he wants like this he'll burn out and die from problems dude!
Man what
Yeah uh I'd like a Ketel One up and a bottle of Bud please
Ain't that odd
But what about the car it would be impounded
It ain't the coolest place in town.
Okay Philippe uh it is important how you act on days when you got to meet such as foreign dignitaries
Look uh Showbiz Ray is in pretty bad shape
OK now he's encouraging her to get her teaching credential
Uh pretty slow. I ain't too good at this Ray.
tap tap tap
Well uh I guess it's about a page and a half including a sidebar where Harry discusses coulombs with a whispering pillar of light
How's about we go get us a coupla' subs down at Subway
Also mention something about the carrot
What do you mean you can always hear it in my voice
It came for you in the mail.
Disneyland was wall to wall five-hundred pound mongoloids with leg tattoos and kids named Desteny
Yeah I'll blow on it and stir it around of course
These guitar notes are so good dude
Man I think I'll start my own damn card company I mean it ain't like everybody don't got the same basic ruined life as me and need the same damn cards!
Oh not the Jeeps no Ray we ain't goin' that route please
You could not see my face to tell that it was against my will
Oh that's right well uh you got to promise to toss away any pics you got of me
Hm what sort of event can prove how much one hates Paris Hilton
Come on dogg 7 under 6 it is my treat
[thinking] Jesus woman why are you not getting it
Oh hee man you can take THAT to the bank
Oh yeah dogg I got a steaming hot bowl of macaroni here but once it cools I will put it in the fridge and head out
All cooks and dishwashers fifty years of age in the back never gonna have no pension
word
Make 'em tall and ice cold just like yours truly
Eat ten pounds of lamb at Kronos Cafe over in Wasco
Vas Deferens all filling with blood
Oh dang dogg oh DAAAAANG
Uh Molly look I got a little problem in the kitchen
Oh wow yeah I bet they hella updated it Let's take a look
Look
Heh heh that's right
agh!
You are all hella lazy and a bunch of fatsoes to boot
We'll figure that out then
Alright Todd Ray can't get up so let's just bring a menu to him and get out of this place
WAIT yeah man ain't never been filed ain't never been filed it's mint A-1
Recently he died of ice cream headache brought on by consuming a large number of Tofutti-Cuties
Alright
I mean this dog was walking this is going to be really bad I mean Ray might be about to lose his mom or even his own life
A man has a whip
This is such a good car
way
Dang man is he braggin'
I would but I can't open my mouth inside this helmet
Show me the Newsweek article with that title and I'll use it again
Dudes left at this point are savin' you as their final fight
The other one is just this flash of an instant where I see her sitting in a meadow with a baby and smiling at me like she was at peace
All selling it in a canister with a belt clip
I guess it's the only thing I'm really good at
Heck of lame!
Yeah just all by myself exactly
Two payments behind
What it is
Single bullet to the base of my skull
Well uh I could just get you some potato chips
Well uh first off behind the gardening shed is just this completely cherried-out '79 Trans Am that no one ever seems to drive
Dude please burn that book
I mean Jesus who ever heard of havin' a extra entrÃ©e as a "cool-down" before dessert. Ugh I hate myself so much right now
{{thought bubble}} Damn that is some scratch
There is this new invention called making love that the main doctors are telling scientists about
Wait, so is like two or three weeks considered "sitting"
Like a minute later the police showed up and dove up on the front lawn and everything.
Don't the transcriber's style sound familiar to you
We just warmin' this old girl up
Oh my goodness look at all these extra modules
But look at us we are feeling all Zen-like because we have triggered the release of a long-lost bliss hormone
Check it out Ray
Peter North selling brushes door to door
aw crud
"The wine so bad it made the news"
Check this out can you believe I typed a list of Pros and Cons of if I should ask Molly to marry me I mean what turkey does that
Don't be a prima donna dude this is my wedding and plus nobody in my family is gonna understand this food
Yeah uh you tell him this is one hell of a way to announce that he'll be in town for my wedding
Oh my god Ray do you mean -
Where's Molly
We'll find out when she gets off at seven
Uh Google I guess.
Historically nearly fifty percent of the Fight's population takes itself out in the first three hours
[[thinking]] Oh my god he's assuming I will buy an aquarium for him. That really burns me up
I fried them I guess basically at seven this morning
I ain't never seen no one pick up a dollar bill that way
Naturally he went straight to Hell
Alright dudes if you are ready then look straight into the bowl and answer the riddle you see in the menu when you cross your eyes
Also I had a dream where a hot naked lady gave me hugs but I resisted the temptation You broke up with me because someone took pictures of me getting the hugs You could not see my face to tell that it was against my will
Dang man I saw but you had some signs up let's get this going dogg
I would like to announce
Well I guess then tonight is your bachelor party
Like you really gonna go all pro ice all of a sudden
Oh no thanks man I just ate about fifty Rolos
sigh
Excuse me
She'll never let me roll in the hay again
Yeah I caught it on college radio man it is really makin' the rounds
He fights every year.
Dude has seven older sisters who used to put him down and dress him like a girl
What's the matter Ray You lookin' sour as hell
Dang man, it looks like they got Jeff Goldblum writin' the ads AND the OS. Talk about a computer which basically has AIDS.
Threw a beer through Carl Veldt's head...
But Ray refused to put out his cigarette 'cause it was kind of an expensive brand
Jenna Jameson all cooking Mickey Mouse pancakes at Disneyland
Damn are those dogs still barking their heads off out there?
Dude did you press on my head about fifty seconds ago
I guess what I'm saying is...
You know I got some problems with your country I should mention
The condiment pumps spray mustard gas !
No I think they mean more like I'm Dangerous
Dogg uh it's dinnertime you want to dial up some Wonderful Wok
Man if every gay porn had a celebrity bust through the wall you could sell to both gay AND straight markets
Alright so these are the dudes you're gonna take down on day one
Man that is so Todd
yeah uh you too Ray you too
Come on Ray think how much we cheated and we gonna cheat again man we gonna cheat this
So many sites to catch up on
and shrinks the browser all down real small
Plus his rhymes are extremely tight
Did you see Eraserhead
(thinking) Whoah what's this
Oh uh why don't I put on some music
There is even this one hidden fee hidden behind some drapes and you can only see its damn shoes !
Uh I ain't so much of a Scotch guy You got any of that cool beer you had
On bass we got Lyle
I've never had one of those
The Roomba Robotic Floor Vac.
Cash
Man I can take care of all of that stuff myself I ain't no dummy
I wonder what they sent
Well I expect that on their door the word "restaurant" should be in quotation marks
Dogg if you ain't get that fixed you gonna be hell to chat with on the bus
Hello
Here I come dogg
Alright good look here is something you are allowed to eat in the grocery store
WHERE ARE ALL OF THE ASSHOLES WHO ARE NOT EATING MY MOUSSAKA!
Okay fine whatever I'll find something on the menu
The guy in lot fourteen undid his velcro shoes just before eight and then lit a cigarette Probably due to humidity his lighter took three tries
So uh has Einstein spoke much through you today
But they thought probably a lady
Conditions did not favor it no
Oh yeah one time my friend tried that and in the fortune cookie was just this FURIOUS lookin' drawing of a ding dong
Oh dang uh we got Horatio Hornblower plus Sex and the City and nutty old Monk
Alright well the first thing you do is juxtapose two unrelated concepts
Vlad uh I don't know what they told you but I don't need no-
[[typing]]Card: Baby I'm Sorry I Said That Kim Jong-Il Gets More Play Than Me
Oh no uh not me man Einstein's work led to the atom bomb
Let's take a look
You know what would be perfect in here? A picture of YOU!
Dang man I feel like there should be a little paper umbrella and some Bob Marley music
You are doing this in backwards order dogg usually a guy measures phenomena and derives the equation from his data
Why ain't you just try it out man why I got to be on the spot with guesses
Well it's real simple
Well here I am
"Now that's what I'M talkin' 'bout," he said.
[thinking] I mean if Romeo had a stench like that they only would have needed like the first three pages of that play
Oh man ain't that stuff like a thousand clams
Oh hey vaguely rememberable brunette guy
God dammit
Hold it for two weeks like at Boy Scout Camp and then need surgery
Since I'm new they got me workin' on the child stars
[[thinking]] Man this guy is PARTYING
Well
Man I ain't never seen so much coconut rum.
But he'll be a liability further on down the road when folks start lookin' into him
Uh Ray excuse me what was that about my mother
!
Dang man but don't I know it
[[thinking]] Tall and lean Sharp and clean
Uh hello Mr. Smuckles my name is Roast Beef
Not like piano music
It was some company asking if everything was alright with the entertainment system
Oh uh I didn't want to catch anything. I just like being out here.
I just typed up his list of ideas from our brainstorming session and it looks pretty bad
I guess I would open a home for scared people
It's a little yellow foam thing where if you drop your keys in a lake they will float
Yeah sure
That is dog shit
All barrel for a suit and half a coconut in some crude semblance of a business-like derby
Uh yeah is this the Butterball turkey hotline
Oh now just what in hell is this
Dogg but sometimes maybe great advances come at somewhat of a price you know
Just take it
You all passed out and spoonin' me
Man you know how horrible the camera is to me.  All adding ten pounds and an opinion about famous car drivers
Oh uh hey Ray how's it goin'
Oh man don't do that it ain't cool
Oh god this is hell of depressing
Oh good point but uh I mean maybe they don't sign the card in the conventional manner since that is like way too baring of the emotions
Man don't you know anything about computers
Dude whittling a chain out of a two by four at gunpoint would have topped my bachelor party but this is
Have you ever done cocaine Lyle
Maybe like a three page essay
She used to buy meth from their piano player
I just think you should know what certain basic things are called
Cool thanks
The average stinker is only one teaspoon in volume I read it in Harper's Index
How costly was that trough call anyway. I figure about $147 with the conveniently suggested tip
Dude so like listen uh I got plans tomorrow so can you use a free ticket to Cartilage Head
I know man but we just crazy with fear I mean the things tried to walk Pat it tried to walk
Look Ray I'll meet you at your house later okay
He kicked Envelỏpe Martinez's ass last week
Alright here is the one I wanted to show you
Don't point that thing at me man You know I don't like guns
...so I guess now there is just the small matter of the materials we discussed?
You always get something that is extremely humorous
All on a Williams-Sonoma silicone curb mat with a trough that collects the juices.
Then more quickly as I get closer to the jump
All Adidas and stuff
Now he's Googlin' for a picture of a motorcycle
It's a thing of cats where if our luck's about to change for the worse we see a Magreaux dog
Heh heh yeah I guess you don't have that one in your Butterball database
Dang what in the heck Ray How did you get syphilis
I ain't discussin this with you unless like I am hanging from a cliff edge with just one finger And that finger better be fadin' fast
The hamburger has a microchip -
This is a peach Ray this is fruit and fruit don't never wear pants
We tried to ditch out but the doors and windows had all locked themselves
Dogg don't piss on me I just invented Photoshop!
Hey listen John me and the boys invented Photoshop
What's on the other two sides
Dang man how long even has it been since I seen a Playboy
If you only take your meals standing and they all tend to be greasy street foods they tend to give you sinner's ass something awful
Man, he might really be off his halves!
This car is a thing of beauty
Water don't have too much nutrients in it I don't believe
Like a minute later the police showed up and drove up on the front lawn and everything
Oh Jesus I knew he was gonna ask
I'LL BE DEAD BY THE TIME THEY SLAP THE CUFFS ON
Oh uh sorry but you know I ain't never really been a fruit and yoghurt guy.
Shut UP dude! Your MOM might hear!
There's a lot of things Stephen Hawking can't do with a paper bag but yeah
Dude you don't LIKE Gusano Rojo
Here comes the airplane headed for the zoo
I guess it's the only thing that I'm really good at
Who is that
Oh heh you must mean "Our Marriage is Like a Dead Dog
oh man Ray now PLEASE you ain't got to imitate Jack White
Let the weakest lay waste to the weakest and so on in kind
Then we gonna...
[typing]] Sorry About Yesterday (7-pack)
Holy MOTHER OF PUSSY do I not want the Bobby McFerrin version !
[thinking] She can't know that my body can create odors like this
so peaceful and quiet
Yeah and you love that one lady and I love the other lady and we all have a baby now it is perfect
Anyone born after the McD.L.T. has no business stomping around acting punk rock
So on day one you got to kick just rich amounts of ass with a remarkable style
The bone pulls out of the drumstick
That freaked me out real bad so I pulled the surge protector outta the wall
[thinking]  She'll never let me roll in the hay again
I made his weight outta my Sir Tim Berners-Lee fridge magnet dogg it was exactly 2.5 ounces I checked it on the scale
Dang Philippe man you really got a set on you !
Dogg I just ain't know what to get Molly for Christmas this year
I kind of need to get a new mouse-pad  this one's all dilapidated
(driving, looking angry) My parents really did a number on me man I mean there's not getting around that THERE'S NO GETTING AROUND THAT
Uh Showbiz is there something you want to tell me
[[talking on cell phone]] We are getting married this summer and--
I guess it's the only thing that I'm really good at
Three dudes can't 69 man think about it
LIKE HELL IT'S GONNA "BLOW OVER" MAN THIS IS GONNA "BLOW OVER" JUST ABOUT AS FAST AS THAT PRINCESS DI THING!
What can I say not everybody was meant for the art department at Hallmark.
Take me down last
The little dogg is against algebra That's understandable at his age
I knew there was something wrong
So let's pretend I am the Pope and you are meeting me okay
Heh oh man did that backfire I got so weirded out and she cried
Oh uh the hair definitely
Come on man the dog might have been about someone he knows or like misrepresentatively prominent for a minor surgery he needs
Ambulance all employing the principles of hopping instead of rolling
In his role as a friend of mine, Ray agreed to do an interview for Man Why You Even Got To Do A Thing. This interview was conducted on May 6, 2006, at my place, which is his pool house.
Here you go I tried to cover a variety of topics such as a newspaper does
Dang what happened
Alright well I think we've got everybody up to the point where they're gonna wake up all nervous until they can mentally think back through the evening and make sure they didn't do somebody's aunt on a coffee table
Crap now I got to go contest this DAMMIT
What's the deal like you glock a cow behind Whole Foods or something
Oh, hee hee hee!
French dudes also walk several miles each way to buy an artichoke or a fig
Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd T. Squirrel ?
(Thinks) Oh my god he's sleep-chillin'!
Oh uh yes why I think it is good !
Hey John- Wake up!
(Thought bubble) Man what the hell here who left some jinkety-assed homescript media player open on my damn computer?!
(thinking) I DON'T want the one Kirstie Alley narrated!
Whoah are those condoms - must be from like an ex-boyfriend or something
It's turkey and brandy at noon and plenty of time to rest up for day three.  Nice work
Guess who stopped by the Duty Free and picked up his 'n' hers copies of the new Wired!
Please let him borrow it dude
That would be one messed-up chicken if this made him horny !
Ray is that you man it's like four o'clock in the morning
Dude this was in an age when we still believed that the Chinese were clay goblins who could speak with the sand
Have you always had like a dream of that or something
Oh man The way you act at a bachelor party is like you don't care about nothin'
I got a weakness for slogan T's I guess
Say, ju prolly wonner why ketchup can clean off a penny ! Jaime wonner this too !
Oh uh he went to live in an earthen-floor cottage in rural England for a while
YEAH DID YOU LIKE THAT
Hey man
I tell you what let's sew a tennis ball to the front of my shirt and a racquet to the front of yours and work on our Serrrrve!
Well heh heh I kinda already did that Vlad
What about your productivity
No you CAN'T throw it out the window that is a FEDERAL offense
No seriously if you're going to run America you need to know about Canada
Oh my
just mowing us all down
You mean for like bone china and silver and goblets and antimacassars in case a greasy queen comes over
Hey all right! Boutiquey picture frames with wire and plastic crap glued to the edge! I always wondered if you might be insane!
Man when we were kids we used to play make believe for hours in here
Jesus Ray why don't you just throw my food away and mace my mouth
657 bhp
I know don't you just feel like a king
Highfalutin'
Sounds more like it would just keep me from wearing that shirt
Ooh dang man I got some waxy buildup - better find a Q-Tip
What's a...hot pot?
So how are you doing Ray. Are you having a good time.
Don't know
Alright so seventeen men besides us still roam the grounds
The armature has a nice cantilever weight   The cotton lining is cool too I mean you wouldn't expect these to feel this good   I'm surprising myself by liking them so much
Jesus Christ man why we got to do this part of the movie why not like gunships or just a meal scene
Here's a hint: it's where the Devil lives!
[[thinking]]
You can discreetly work my remains into the ashtrays at the bowling alley and then pour an eight ounce mugette of Coors out into an unclaimed pair of Stride Rites
THE HELL WHY DID YOU LOLCAT ME ON THE NEWS RAY YOU SON OF A BITCH!
Check it out man I found a PC emulator for the old Oregon Trail.
Molly will you marry me
Let's see what they got to offer here
I could see Japanese businessmen paying millions to spray third-strikers with lead
Gee THANKS Ray that sounds so SINCERE
ooohhhhhh mmmmman I am whizzin' real good now
Well not everything that everybody has to admit is a wonderful dream
If I do not mess up I can probably park the cart somewhere logical and sneak off
[[talking on cell phone]] Molly does not produce milk Showbiz
Not much Barry
What does that mean, "here to stay."
OH UH OH uh hey uh I didn't realize you would not be at work because you are supposed to be at work right now !
Hey buddy you know who I'm drivin' in that sidecar
Okay Ray in my hand I am holding...a pair of dice
banned in six states
ugh
We're all hid in the dumbwaiter so call back soon OK word.
No I ain't being defensive you are Okay Mr. Funnylaffs I give up what do they say about guys with incredibly small novels
All smiling and pointing to a diagram which shows the various parts of my brain which a company could use for tasks
I like music
I'll be his hip hop twin Notorious L.I.N.C.O.L.N.
All right Ray 'member how I was always so good at Operation
Aw cool man this must be my new T-shirt that I ordered
Aw shucks baby what's up I'm Roast Beef don't you know
Man you got a lot of mustard and Hunt's ketchup packets
What is that all about
Man I hate on some wipe-down "Tex Mex" chain
This ain't a library two bucks for both boxes
That don't exactly explain why you tried to eat it
Man what is this what is this all about
Serious dude in the 1973 Fight your dad pioneered some of the rawest moves in modern brawling!
So how you been Pat what it is
Dang Molly this place is completely fancy
Hello Molly thanks you for coming over it is very good to see you
Plus you got bad morals
Half a million huh. More like ON or OFF.
Cars are easy for me.  I can drive them.
The invisible hand of this particular economy may wear a fingerless glove and write checks at the gas station but damned if this money don't have square edges and a certain legal tenderness
Dogg what got into him this is some black beans Ray what we gonna do?
Yikes man
That must have been a raw while man
All on a Williams-Sonoma silicone curb mat with a trough that collects the juices.
It ain't like Snoop Dogg wants people knowing about the time he couldn't find a McDonald's and had to pull his Tommys around his ankles while his hoes held up a beach towel
Oh I got it we hook each dude up to a blood pressure meter and show two movie clips
[[typing]] (inside) At Least Our Play Is Not Based On Lies About Me Being a Deity
Do you think that it is rad to have alcoholism, Ray?
Man you got to realize that Goths reject the normal ideas of society and success
Oh hee sure almost but uh no thanks I got to come up with some new cards for this greeting card line I got that's doin' OK lately [[thinking]] Dang man but look at those union curves...
I was just messin' around tryin' to remember my resistor color codes
They say this is the roughest beat and after you prove yourself you work your way up to dudes who are like 89 and have extremely red watery eyes
[[typing]]I Never Said I'd Be Great I Mean I Never Even Said I'd Be Capable of Reading the Label of a Shampoo Bottle Without Wondering Which of Us Would Die First
Blister god damn it is good to hear from you Man I am so drunk right now
Oh uh I didn't want to catch anything I just like being out here
Uh oh
You'll know what to do
Oh uh that's when all your dogs come around and you get all real nuts one last time
Try to improve somewhat
Dang man no but I believe it
No man remember when the Lakeshore flophouse burned down back in '02?
Next thing you know we're stuck in that dumbwaiter and makin' number two in Ziploc sandwich bags
Yeah man all pretendin' to be engrossed in the Reader's Digest Large Type Edition with your legs crossed for three hours
DID BRIAN RECORD THE SIMPSONS WAIT IS THAT FATHER CHESTERNAK'S DOG I HEAR RUFF RUFF HEY BOY!
Aw yeah dogg
I ain't even listen to the guy's stuff but for some reason I'm doin' a thing
Just push on its nose with my open palm and watch as like one of its arms falls off
Alright Ray well uh that's all good and great but how do you know when to avoid a bathroom if a lady has been in there a while
Well who's ready for some roasted-up ding dong!
Oh god please no don't say it
Oh come on this stuff is humorous
Oh he probably thinks he has some juicy gossip or something
Oh uh hey dogg this is Roast Beef um listen I just want to say it's all cool between us even though you dissed Weldon twenty six days ago
Dogg you ain't even got diabetes you just predisposed to it 'cause you eat a wedge of brie in the manner of pie
Hm yes sir and this wine you mention will it make us look like dicks
Oh good you've turned me into a motivational tool for folks who make the NRA look like a bunch of guys sittin' around a Michigan basement givin' each other titty twisters
Goths man huh like dang old Arachnea Gehenna from high school times
Teodor this is really hard for me and Ray to watch maybe you could uh maybe we could meet you at the house later
JUST LET ME HANDLE THiS OKAY I CAN HANDLE ALL THIS STUPID CRAP JUST FINE !
Can you guess what they are for
Oh just shush now that is a crazy idea and it is just terrible
WHAT oh uh hey Molly what's up
Hey Emeril dogg did Ray just swing by there all in a huff
"Go to that place !"
Check it out man I found a PC emulator for old Oregon Trail
See now Ray is extremely fearful of heights so maybe you could ask for his fear to be lifted !
So like the deer is in the champagne room getting an eyeful and suddenly he is shanked
Good _night_
Or like I would pretend I was a bag of garbage and he would lower me to the basement
Now every month I see a $900 check made out to "V.I.P. Entertainment Concepts"
Oh uh not too good Did I keep snoring
How about I just go watch it at my place since you such a dummy.
He's a powerhouse and this will cement your rep from the get-go
Man I ain't stupid I know they ain't gonna give the President a Lean Pocket cut on the bias with extra marinara and ranch in two plastic cups
Oh man you know I get all clopsy on the Scotch
Kings were raw.
No reason I can't just have a drink all alone
Are house wines considered pretty recent ?
I mean Jesus who ever heard of havin' a extra entrÃ©e as a "cool-down" before dessert
Alright I'll take care of it just give me some time with Téodor and the printer
What's the matter Philippe why you so down
This is the one I'll always cherish
Hey Philippe this is Beef!  Guess where I am calling you from!
There ain't no show this good anymore
Sheesh tell me about it
Switzerland is a place where old men eat chocolate
Uh hello Pat are you home
Anyhow I got kind of a science-type question for you
Like a million days it seems
uh huh yeah cool uh you'll want to do that while he's re-centering his chakra.
Well I guess that's true
No man we ain't callin' her until we know anything you know I mean the phone call alone might get her a heart attack I mean we got to not play into this thing's hands
Damn man what you're talkin' about is basically a thing
Got to stir a familiar nerve in his old neck
(thinking) No! I DON'T want the one David Bowie narrated!
Did you make a list of things that you would do if you were President like I asked
Alright it looks like his Rectus sheath is punctured and he's leakin' interstitial fluid
It's just like I always... dang what is that smell
And all these dudes change out their ATM twenties for the singles to tip with
Oh man that's right across the hall!
I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE AMERICA BUT I'M COMIN' TO FIND YOU!
Ray what in the hell was that all about
I just want to buy the Peter and the Wolf CD, damn you !
Come on let's get up now and go back to the booth
Dang man listen to you all cock of the walk!
She can't know that my body can create odors like this.
Oh uh Gary Sinise definitely That guy is ice
Understood man now take a look over there what do you see
Dang Ray since when you got a clue of how to talk about computers man that is bomb!  You got some serious grace!
Hey Ray uh how does the rhyme for rememberin' the calorie amount in Champagne go
Watch this
But where do they go from here Trouble Man?
Okay alright
And you got to include provisions for future buyout privileges
Man this Nolan guy who is sort of a main pervert of the Internet is bragging all over about how he's gonna have dinner with the kid who founded Potty Pals
Uh no Todd
Naw man we all set you ain't got to bring nothin' but yourself
Dogg check it out Molly and me are having a Jack and Diane party
Sciencize it cool
Just passed Bakersfield
Yeah I know I would have thought more like 3
So uh how have things been going at Applebee's and also with Tina
That's cool that's cool
Let's see what Ray's got in the fridge to get this party started
DRRRACULA WANTS YOU TO WEAR THE SPECIAL PURPLE PUMPS
I though you did a good job of rescuing Zoolander despite the script Mr. Stiller
Well I guess we got to place an order for Chinese delivery if we want anything to eat
No but I think I get the idea
Guinness, bread and butter
Aw no dogg lay it on me
Oh uh he thinks he's channeling Einstein
So they do
Thank you Mrs. Smuckles
Oh hell now
We got into some trouble tryin' to watch a movie your entertainment system
They're all buried in the field southeast of the Acres.
Well this applet calculates how much change I'd have around based on annual income and a few spending pattern variables
Not much Barry How about you
He won't compete but he'll be fine in a few weeks
Dang that is basically true
Sorry uh we got caught up playin' basketball with Emeril and Spongebath you know how insatiable those dudes are
Alright Ray if you're gonna donate money to the Philippe campaign we gotta make sure your books are all in order
Tuck me in and be my breakfast
My situation is this
Here is a whole-size Snickers bar
Yeah fifteen for both
Uh I think I mean I guess I had two of them if I understand you right
Okay fine I haven't been eating bran No I don't think I need to lie to you about that kind of thing I'm sorry Alright fine I'm not sorry I'll talk to you later
He just looks at you and he knows that you lied
Do you think that it is rad to have alcoholism Ray
Well the taster probably operated on the understanding that if the king died an he didn't they'd go ahead and kill him too.
Oh no way I heard they put mega ding dongs in their food!
Well honestly I mean I always expected that I might have a tyke at some point when I grew up and got old but I guess I didn't notice that I did that already.
The bun flips up: a tiny screen, a keyboard!
Oh man Khan don't put that ding dang worm in my dang old ear !
All Fuzzy little tail on the ambulance
Oh awesome
Oh uh yeah man you ain't gonna believe this but I saw him carryin' on with Tina last night dogg
I ain't goin' noplace ain't got no shower and no bed
Yeah right exactly don't put hot things in the fridge exactly
Guy wouldn't even LOOK at my credit card
Dogg this is not how you're supposed to use your one phone call
Alright Ray we gonna do somethin' kind of nutty to catch him. What's the biggest speaker you got at your house right now
They always get in 'cause no else in their region tries to qualify
Oh necessarily
I can't go throw this away in the bathroom though it's too late they're all watchin' me
Ray PLEASE man you ain't need to imitate Jack White
Jesus CHRIST
Buy a nose on eBay
A stitch in time saves nine I guess
All such as hotboxing a car with sandalwood incense
Ray uh this Sex Museum is a real tourist trap dogg
Oh it's just this dumb shoppin' site
Uh okay I'll make one later and you can give me your feedback.
Yeah uh Gramma K would give that to Showbiz when he had pimp skitters
I see you been readin' my nightmare journal
Man
Dang holmes I seen thumbnail avatars with harder action than that Ludovico Technique
Well who's ready for some roasted-up ding dong !
Oh holy crud look at me I am completely a ding dong
We get by
If you're so good for men then figure out what to do with this poor little guy
Oh it wasn't so bad I guess
Hm maybe finally get some medical insurance
Okay alright uh do you want me to like Fletcherize the beans or anything
Nine
Salami can be pretty spicy. Maybe you got a touch of sass gut
Todd when you see the riddle is it kind of a nasty type thing about private circumstances
Salami can be pretty spicy
Jesus I'm just scanning my belly button Ray
I GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT WITH OUT YOU BEIN' A VITTLES BITCH!  YOU ARE -OFF- THIS ASSIGNMENT!
We already arrested Ray
Ramses Luther seems more like a he-finds-you type of dude
Shut up ray
Uh okay but I ain't too sure I am happy with these results
Part of loving a woman is accepting Sting
You know any place we could go to freshen up for the night
Right like they might have got smaller during the last ice age so as not to release so much essential heat
Well uh basically Ray that's where all the ladies change out singles for twenties
That's ridiculous
Oh my god I can't buy a burrito from someone who has done oral on me
There are hidden fees which can't conceptually exist until an initial hidden fee is enacted !
Are you sure
I want to just make a big life size origami of myself and be all HOW ARE YOU
Alright look here's everything I got
Oh crud man wish me luck
So dogg uh how was England
You can check it out he mailed me some letters
The ones that got out alive though, Where did they take them
Oh Jesus you're right man what a clod I got no business in any of this
did she let you french her
uh hello who is it please
Anybody?
That must have been like a sight outta his most private fantasies brought to life
I've been having real awful dreams about giant apocalyptic machinery
Sorry yeah uh you can put like a picture of a guy on the computer screen and write like THIS DUDE BLOWS under his face etc
Dang Ray I never seen a computer so inftected as this
I also wrote a function that calculates how much hash browns to make
Dogg that is horrible to hear
Oh awesome that is so radical Philippe
I ain't pack that thing man that was your job
We had a mouse named John And we loved on Holmes Lane
You can also use the airbrush to draw such as a hat
This song is about how America chews the working man up and spits him in the dirt to die
I could read some magazines from my childhood such as Bananas and Thrasher
Here Ray let's get you back up to 2.5 ounces what do you say
[[talking on cell phone]] Oh uh hey Showbiz listen I have some good news about Molly and me--
Hey Ray uh do you remember how much calories in Chardonnay I mean I think the rhyme goes Fifty-One Has Merlot But Chardonnay Has Less To Show ---
You gotta be sick just be sick in that sheet
He had this rubber from World War II
All standin' with no army and bustin' non-traditional moves
Jesus Ray don't you know even like one sentence of information about the Fight
Why don't we reminisce on things of our childhood
Well sure Todd I would be happy to  It's good to see you filin' early that is dope
(thinking) Holy MOTHER OF PUSSY do I not want the Bobby McFerrin version!
Well I know something you could ask for that would really help somebody else then !
I'm all alone in this world ALL ALONE !
Dogg I cannot brook the gossamer bloatee
There's this neat articles about information-poor interfaces. Oh and there's a humor essay by a writer from that McSweeney's whatever it is. It's kind of self aware and overwrought but it's better than most of the ads.
Is it pretty bad
So one day I get this penny and it was muy brown ! I got no time for a ugly penny ! I was like, this is craaazy !
Oh man if Tori Amos was here right now she would need so many hugs from me
uh...
But...but we need to go find it!
What the heck man I'm pretty lit up May as well try my hand
I didn't even make any side dishes
Maybe I uh I could lend a hand with any debugging
I tried just turnin' on the TV by usin' the button on the front but nothing happened.
The only mystery about a date with you is why you just busted into the bedroom with a sheet cake and a raised eyebrow
All oxygen tanks and massive bespoke shoes
I am?
The fight is three days which is enough time for an ad hoc culture to form
Yeah he wrote down this equation that actually seemed to spell out a word
DAMMIT it is !
Wow now he is taking her to a graveyard to mourn her dead mother
Damn I got to make some scratch if me and Molly are gonna get our own place Talk to me Help Wanted page Tell me of the things I can do
What the hell am I gonna do
Showbiz died
I--
Shucks Ray I'm sorry
Who's the letter from
Huh Milklin so like you been havin' a rough time of getting people to be Jehovah's Witnesses
[[thinking]] Man who ain't been there
Let's just say their database is accessible via any networked computer
I still have enough money left over for a large Dr. Pepper and Lesotho.
BORRRGH! URR... AP-AP-AP!
Man I hate cranberry juice that stuff just curdles on the tongue
How about you
-.. -.- ..-- ... --- .-.. - -.- -.- .. ...
Ray uh maybe we should talk for a small bit about this channeling thing
Take the Latino Health Crisis with you
Denver Boot on his convertible Mustang
There have been ideas, in the public, that you like hop-hip music.
(thinking) Peter and The WOLF, motherfuckin' eBay!
I spent a lot of time thinking about the things that those men said
[talking on cell phone]] Showbiz I said that my girlfriend's body is not lactating I did not say that we could no longer "party" or sit around and borrow money from me
Hey Ray man where in hell did you go
Dang dogg I mean my body is cruddy to the max maybe this is finally the time you know
Dang they got a whole wall full of my favorite old books
I was.
Oh uh hey Molly I didn't know you were going to call me just now
The money is decent I mean the money is fairly hot at least
Damn are those dogs still barking their heads off out there
Uh yeah he's gone now
OK Philippe it's time to work on your campaign some more
Hold on do you mean that Friends was written by a freshman dorm who were all giggling under a huge comforter with flashlights and iBooks
"Wear a condom when working with raw poultry for an added layer of protection"
Yeah I know you let me choose my own topic you ain't got to keep repeating that Onstad
Tonic and everything
Awww yeah
Well that's the thing--
